Lao Tzu and Escaping Prison Planet
2024-09-28 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by Own_Bit1037

Lao Tzu is a 6th century BC Chinese philosopher, author of Tao Te Ching, and founder of Taoism. In the book Alien Interview by Lawrence Spencer he was said by the surviving alien of the Roswell crash, Airl, to be the only human soul to escape the death trap. The interview was done by an Army nurse that could communicate with her using telepathy. The nurse was able to keep her own notebook on the interview and sneak it out of the army base as she thought it should be shared with humanity not kept secret by the Army. Just before her death she mailed the notebook to an author she knew and felt would publish it, Lawrence Spencer.
 The book Alien Interview was ridiculed upon publication in 2009. I must admit I read it and believed it to be complete fiction. Only subsequently when many parts of it were validated by the Farsight Institute with numerous group RVs done blind, did I reread it. If you have not read the book I urge you do so as most of us at Farsight believe it to be accurate. It was in this book Airl revealed the death traps, more on earths true history, alien control, and their wars over it. 
A recent RV by Farsight’s top remote viewers conducted a blind RV (only coordinates given & no target info) with no communication among the viewers. Important to note group RVs are done to establish a consensus timeline as many exist that can be seen by different remote viewers. In this project all viewers saw the same things but with different details. All saw him die at a very old age (est between 150-200 yrs old) and followed his soul (ISBE) into the afterlife.
Initially all saw him gain instant clarity and understanding as he made his ascension. Other entities that were known to him appeared near him. This did not last long as he saw a bright light which despite his struggle could not escape. He turned his focus inward as he knew who he was and this was foreign intervention. All RVers saw it was this inner focus and awareness that kept his consciousness from being scrambled despite being hit with extremely high electrical discharges. He was moved to a “table” where other entities surrounded him. At that point the ETs he knew pulled him out of where he was and suddenly reappeared on an alien craft in a new humanoid body taken to a different planet highly technologically evolved.
This is a very brief summary otherwise this post would be even longer. Important to realize he did not escape the trap despite his awareness of it. He was caught and zapped. However his focus on his essential being helped him through the memory wipe but still not free as he was seen as unable to move on his own. At Farsight we have become aware that many aliens are aware of our plight and willing to help free us but we can’t see them as hostile and resist. Communication with such beings is being done at Farsight who explain that they just can’t swoop down and rescue us as we would see this as an alien invasion. Plus it would violate the agreement Eisenhower made with the “bad ETs” over those who did not want us to continue with nuclear weapons. 
Only a very small percentage of humans on earth are aware of traps despite the many of us here that do. This in itself helps us escape as we can try not to go to the light and call for assistance to escape. Do not be afraid of those trying to help. They will not appear as loved ones or deities. Use meditation, OBEs, and RV now to make contact. Telepathy will become another skill with Astral travel and remote viewing. These are natural abilities zapped out of us so we have to learn them. Only direct experience can validate any of this for us here. It’s clear that’s paramount on this thread.
Finally this is why UFO disclosure is such an important first step to make humanity aware of ETs and for the resultant questioning to begin. Why did they not reveal themselves? What do they want? Why was our govt complicit with them for their tech? What did they get in return?
 Realize this seems simplistic - know yourself, be aware of the traps, and the help we can look for at that point but especially while alive. This seems similar to the many alien friends Robert Monroe did during his OBEs. Why learning astral travel is not just a novelty but essential to our escape. All these subjects are already discussed on this thread. This group of humans is way ahead of most with the escape. Yes most will see us crazy but even Lao Tzu saw that in his time and basically gave up trying to educate them not long after writing the Tao Te Ching. 
Realize this post will be attacked in many ways as Alien Interview and Farsight is today. Those with sincere questions about what I posted or interest in many more details not included for brevity I will answer best I can. Urge you again to read Alien Interview and consider what the alien shared to be true. It’s very difficult. If anyone can it’s the many enlightened souls on this thread.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
I’d love for you to post your content in my new community on how to escape: r/EscapeReincarnation

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/199798t/lao_tzu_and_escaping_prison_planet/lpajyfl/?context=3
