Escaping Prison Planet
2024-09-07 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by gringoswag20

“You are walking on the earth as in a dream. Our world is a dream within a dream; you must realize that to find God is the only goal, the only purpose, for which you are here. For Him alone, you exist. Him you must find.”
-Paramahansa Yogananda


On the ultimate level, when you escape duality and polarity, you reach a profound state of love and unity.

 We are all the same being experiencing itself.  this is a simulation run by yourself to experience yourself on different timelines but to experience everything. In that super high realm we are perfect and at one with unity and love.  

On this level we live in,  the prison, archons, the demons, are all very real.
this satanic overlay of this reality, an inversion of the source, a false mirror of reality…  is the ruler of this world.

 yet on the highest level, it is just a part of ourselves. 

Escaping Prison Planet is the western equivalent of Escaping Samsara.

*“People of this world are deluded. They’re always longing for something-always, in a word, seeking. But the wise wake up. They choose reason over custom. They fix their minds on the sublime and let their bodies change with the seasons. All phenomena are empty. They contain nothing worth desiring.”*
-Yogananda

I see all of these newer posts. Fear, what ifs, “new age” etc etc.

Eastern perception has been lost in the Western world. Those religions have practically been teaching prison planet since their inception. I chuckle whenever I hear “all religions” were created by archons or all religions are a deception. Trust your intuition to lead you to the truth. This world is an illusion (Maya) and your imprisoned soul in this form is trying to escape samsara.

The way to escape this world is to transcend duality and polarity. To know your source and your true self. love and unity.

*” You’re all God in disguise. Jesus found that out and they crucified him for saying so”.*
-Alan Watts
 
There all multiple paths back to source. but only you can follow *your way*, the Tao.

From Yogananda and many Hindu gurus to Bodhidharma and many Buddhists, to Lao Tzu and Taoists, Jewish Kabbalah to Islamic Sufism; to The teachings of Jesus (both the orthodox cannon and the pre-christian gnostic texts) they all lead you to the same source… but of course.

Meditate, do psychedelics, read religious scripture, attend events filled with love and connectedness, guard your mind, and always keep searching and asking yourself to know your way. The way back to yourself. 


In my perception, created by following my way, studying religions, and doing psychedelic plants… I have seen the realm where duality and polarity do not exist. Nothing can take that away from me.

Once you know, you can never un-know.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Escaping is a complex process. Most humans cannot take it.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1b0qtwk/escaping_prison_planet/llu8esh/?context=3
