Escaping prison planet IS NOT enough
2024-09-07 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by dontlietom3

According to Gnostics, the world we live in is a shadow of a higher realm. This higher realm is the actual realm in which we're supposed to be in and is known as the Pleroma, which means fullness in Greek. It is so named because gnostics believe that it is full of light - the actual realm of manifestation. We are not supposed to live life after life after life with our memories wiped in this low vibratory realm controlled by the satanic forces. We are supposed to be free.

The gnostics also believe in an army of archons, or "distracters" that attempt to stop us from re-entering Pleroma. These beings want to keep us on Earth to keep feeding off of the Divine spark within us. The archons are masters of deception and can take whatever form best suits their needs. The leader of these archons is known as Yaldabaoth or the Demiurge (the God of the old testament) the very being that billions of people around the world worship every single day.

The Real God would never demand it's children to worship them. This being does. The Real God would never threaten us with eternal suffering in hell if we don't worship them. This being does.

So, let's say you die. First, there's evidence that the tunnel of light can suck us in without us having a say in it. There's also evidence that some souls have been able to resist it's pulling force and get away. So let's say you end up resisting it and getting away from it. Then what? According to the gnostics you're still in the false matrix that the dark side have control over. What does this mean?

It means that escaping prison planet is not enough, escaping the reincarnation cycle is not enough. We need to escape this entire archonic kill or be killed eat or be eaten survival based realm. We need to get to the Pleroma or to a different realm, where hopefully physical, financial, spiritual and energetic slavery arent a thing. The question is how.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
You got it right!

There three tiers of reincarnation, as prison planets being the 1st tier. There are over 200+ prison planets.  
1st tier: physical body reincarnation (physical prison planets).  
2nd tier: spiritual form reincarnation (spiritual bodies living in spiritual worlds).  
3rd tier: conscious loop reincarnation (in spiritual worlds).

How:  
To escape tier-1: in crease your SoC (Spectrum of Consciousness) to level 14-16.  
To escape tier-2: in crease your SoC to level 16-18.  
To escape tier-3: in crease your SoC to level 18-20.

Average of humans is about level 3 (narrow spectrum) at present.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1bakm3s/escaping_prison_planet_is_not_enough/llu6994/?context=3
