Beings that use frequencies beyond our perception range?
2024-08-29 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by sporeboyofbigness

Anyone have information or experience with beings  that use frequencies beyond our normal perception range?

I've had a few (rare) dreams. like 3 over many years... where I heard some beings talking in a VERY low voice, like beyond what a human can talk.

It actually sounded modulated somehow, like perhaps run through some kind of filter system or computer-audio system. Or perhaps thats just their natural range of energy.

One of them was talking about "ghosts"... which I guess could be a metaphor for beings who we can't see but can see us.

I'm wondering if theres any people talking about this or a community for this.

I guess some people might call them astral parasites. I call them archons, but I know this name "archon" is often used for different beings than the ones I'm referring to.

The ones I'm refering to... are not like satan or the illuminti or whatever. they mostly affect sleep, or our subconscious. They are actually kinda "soft and squishy". They can be hurt or even scared. But their main defence is "not caring"... they really just don't care about life and see it as a game, for them to "Troll" in. Causing diseases to flesh is funny to them.

They basically hide not even in viruses, but behind viruses. Like a "piggyback wave". Using viruses like an antenna system to transmit their energy.

So "controlling the flesh" and stopping our bodies from reaching a high-state of purity and development... on an internal biological level, seems important to them. Causing stress and confusion, or blocking us from reaching higher energy levels is something they enjoy.

I've heard them talk freely to each other about their plans. They talk a lot about "money". They don't really steal energy so much... as they corrupt ours. They see our flesh as a source of money. Like each one of your cells, literally has a monetary value to them.

So they are doing "Work"... and work for who? Who is paying them? How do they buy stuff with it?

One time I heard one of them complaining to the other... about how they had failed to manipulate me properly.

She said "You have so much talent! You could have been earning billions per day... and you just put him through a death-spiral???"

You see? "death-spiral" is the name of one of their dream-manipulation techniques. Like a sequence of events you can't escape and leads to some terrible event. I had just rejected the whole dream because it was too stressful and refused to play along lol. Then I heard one of them complaining to the other one.

Despite all this evil... I don't think attacking them is really the answer. Firstly they hide inside of our flesh, so you'll be attacking your own cells. And even if you could get some vibration to reach their world to attack them with... I just don't think its the answer.

The interesting about them, is they really do enjoy each other's company. Like gamers playing a (corrupt) Game together. You always find them in groups, in dreams... even like "playing" or talking together.

I even managed to befriend some of them sometimes. Or even managed to make some of them talk to me... or invite me into their world once.

I think there may be some clues or answers in their world to fixing this realm...

My "archons" aren't "The ultimate controllers". That would be much more powerful beings than them... ones that aren't so "soft and squishy" as they are. Beings who have very little emotions, or narcissistic emotions which may be strong but are still fake.

"Archons" are the only ones who freely talk about their plans and information. Like you can ask them questions and get information from them.

But The "ultimate controllers" do not do this at all. They do everything with lies, and opposites. Everything they say is the opposite of the truth, but you can't even just reverse it because you don't know exactly WHAT they reversed... just one thing out of many.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
All the time :-)

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1f1kddf/beings_that_use_frequencies_beyond_our_perception/lkd231o/?context=3
