Would you escape right now if you were offered the chance? 
2024-08-29 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by elfpal

I’m talking about taking off right now, abandoning everything and everyone to go to a world you know for sure is better where you would be free and happy.

Or would you prefer to finish off your life here first and try to escape then? I ask this because I just finished listening to Jerry Wills who as a baby got transported via a space craft from the planet Lanulos of the constellation Tau Ceti. He is 6’9“ and has healing powers, photographic memory, and astral vision where he can see ghosts and thru objects. There are videos of his talks and interviews on YouTube. In a nutshell, the military was informed to pick him up at a farmhouse, and a couple adopted him. He felt he had nothing in common with people here and was always monitored by the military. He was smart and when he grew up, was asked to invent stuff for the government who later used his invention as weapons, so he quit working for them. Now he works as a healer and gives talks. Anyway, starting when he was 13, his kind of people came to visit him again and again, and one time told him he could go back to his planet with them since he was being abused by his drunk father. He said no, because he worried about his mother who was also being beaten.

This goes to show how emotional attachment is EVERYTHING. Feeling guilty or bad, feeling like you need to take care of someone, will definitely keep you here. Just having empathy and compassion, or feeling a sense of responsibility, will keep you here.

If you’re curious about Lanulos, there is a book written by Woodrow Derenberger called Visitors from Lanulos: My Contact with Indrid Cold. Those people have been visiting earth and even taking humans there, those who are tired of living on earth and want to start a new life in a better place. It’s a planet where people are happier and live harmoniously. So I was surprised to hear Jerry Wills is from there as well.

Anyway, whether you believe any of this is true or not (do your own research and come up with your own conclusions), emotional attachments are really hard to break, and pretty much determines whether you can escape or not. NDEs are rife with people who feel bad about leaving their dependents behind. And according to hypnotherapist Michael Newton, in the recycling center, they offer you enticing lives where you get to live out your dreams or fulfill a desire for a relationship with someone. So would you say yes if you had the chance to leave RIGHT NOW AT THIS MOMENT to a world you know for sure is better than here?

I would. I’d say yes emphatically.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
There is a loophole in the prison system. It is the only way out. It is well handled hidden in earth history. The prison operators have been trying every possible way to hide this loophole.

    fundamentallove:
    Can you elaborate more on that loophole?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        Here is the loophole:  
        [https://awakenology.org/How-To-Escape-The-Prison-Planet/](https://awakenology.org/How-To-Escape-The-Prison-Planet/)

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1f1ys5m/would_you_escape_right_now_if_you_were_offered/lkd1m0p/?context=3
