The external saviour programming starts when you're a kid. And you don't even realize it.
2024-09-24 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by EsotericN1nja

What do you do when you're a kid? You wanna play, you wanna have fun..you spend your childhood watching all these cartoons.. Batman, Superman, Spider-man, Captain America, Iron Man, Flash, Wonder woman.. you name it. I'm not going to list all of them but you get the idea. There are many superheroes. What these cartoons have in common is that they portray a world in which humans are time and time again saved by an external force, the superhero. Years pass and you've watched all these episodes of all these shows. We've definitely had fun watching all these cartoons when we were kids, right?


But here's the deal. You've been subconsciously programmed to believe that the hero, the one who saves the world, is "somewhere out there", and that the hero is not you. More time passes and now you've grown a little older so you start watching movies. But the same scenario repeats itself. Someone out there saves the day, and that someone is not you. These are fictional cartoons and movies, sure, but after watching the same scenario play out in the same way over and over again in all these years, what remains deep in our subconscious mind is the programming. The programming being that the saviour is external, and this saviour is the one who saves the day, and it's not us, it's "someone out there".


More and more time passes. You grow older and now you're told about religion. This time, Superman is replaced with this being called God. God is the one who has all the power and who saves the day, not you. You are at God's mercy. God also has an army of angels, and you're told that these are the spiritual superheroes that look after us. What's happening now is that the same type of subconscious programming continues. Once again, the hero is "somewhere out there". But it's not you. It's never you.


Years pass, you're now a mature person and you start looking for more answers on your own. You've now stumbled across New Age "spiritual" communities. This time, the main superhero is not called God, "God" has been replaced with the notion of Higher Self. This Higher Self is some sort of an external God that you supposedly have a connection with, some say it's the "higher version" of yourself who knows a lot more than you do. But it comes down to the "higher self" to dictate how many incarnations on Earth you need, what type of "lessons" you need to learn, what kind of missions you have here and so on. Once again, it's not you, but an external force that needs to dictate the nature of your experiences. Angels? What angels? This time they are called spirit guides! These are the guys who look after us. These are all different names for the same ~~parasites~~ heroes, ofcourse. But one thing is for certain. The programming continues and the hero is once again "somewhere out there". But it's not you. You're the one who always needs external help and guidance. You're the one who needs to be told what to do next.


It's almost as if we are being deliberately programmed from all angles to make us feel like we are not powerful, and that the saviour is not within. It's almost as if it doesn't matter to them which saviour program you choose, as long as you choose one. It's almost as if it's all designed to lead people astray and to make us seek salvation outside of ourselves.


So after being programmed from all angles during your life, one day you finally drop dead and you come face to face with one of your heroes. Is it God? Your Higher Self? An angel? A spirit guide? Superman? Does it matter? There's always someone "higher" than you who seeks to take charge of your experiences. You need to be "guided". It's now time for another reincarnation on Earth. See what this life review is showing? You yelled at your mom when she told you to do the dishes, and you've stepped on a bug, so now you've accumulated all this karma that you need to get rid of. You did the unthinkable: you were not perfect. Next time, try to be perfect in order to not accumulate any karma, otherwise you'll be sent back here again. So it's time for another round. But don't worry, even if you're gonna be a kid again, I heard you'll get to see all these fun cartoons and movies. You're going to love Superman!


These are all psyops meant to install enslavement programs inside your mind. You're religious? They got you. You're a new ager? They got you. You're none of these things, but you fail to see the subconscious programming that takes place on this planet 24/7? They got you. 

No one wants you to realize the truth. >!You're a creator being. You are strong and capable. You are your own saviour.!<

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Well said. Only you can save yourself, no one else.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1fob38t/the_external_saviour_programming_starts_when/lop6xw9/?context=3
