Most times I astral travel there's usually people/beings wanting to touch me or chase me - why??
2024-09-29 · r/AstralProjection · by leannejuliette

I'm an experienced astral traveller and love to visit many different dimensions, timelines and other places.



I'm a very high frequency being and even in the waking world I'm someone whose light attracts lost souls and those looking for healing etc.



Depending on where I travel to, I can have the experience where people who I'm floating over try to touch me or reach out to me. I never allow it because I don't know what their intentions are so I either move on or bring myself back.



Other times, I'll notice beings chasing me - which is funny because I'm flying so fast at lightning speed and they are trying to catch me.



Again, I never allow it, maybe it's some unconscious fear that something will try to get into my energy I don't know.



However, I must add that I never astral travel with fear. I do not hold fear in that space - just pure wonder for where I am etc.



I always take protection with me - angels, dragons, spirit guides - and call to them as I'm leaving my body to request protection.



Today I was projecting multiple times over and over again within a 2 hour window. I noticed one being trying to chase me who looked like a devil - little horns on his head etc.



I felt no fear. Just a curiosity - as I flew away. But I also knew that I didn't want it coming to my astral body.



Has anyone experienced this? Things/people wanting to touch you or come to you?



Have you allowed it? What happened?



Thanks!

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Yes, I experienced the same in my early years of astral projection. Later I found out that it was some unconscious fear that attracts them. I tried many ways to let the conscious fear be spelled out, solved them and gradually they no longer come to me.

    ReasonableAnybody824:
    How did you solved it? And how did you knew it was unconscious?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        First I realized it is my fear attracting them after many tests.
        
        Second I tried to find the source of fears in my surface conscious without success.
        
        Third I dug deeper into my subconscious (so-called unconscious) and found them there.
        
        Forth I dived inside each fear and found each cause, and convinced myself to get over it one by one. Or ask the Ultimate Source how to solve it.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/AstralProjection/comments/1frc2gj/most_times_i_astral_travel_theres_usually/lpeal6v/?context=3
