This is how you break through your own programming
2024-09-30 · r/awakened · by The-Unseen-1

Everything moves in accordance to patterns. All that is, follows the rhythm of the music of life. Everything that we know, happens within the story of humanity, of which we all are part of. And each player has a part to play. But because of how our minds are programmed, we are destined to always miss the point. Until we find a way out of there, out of our limited way of thinking and depart into uncharted territory, we are caught in the loop of repeating the same mistakes over and over again.



This pattern we are in, is not natural. This illusion of 'Maya' as some people like to call it, is artificial. We need to find our way back into alignment with who we truly are. Otherwise we'll remain in this state of suffering. We need to break the patterns, that hold us back. We need to break through our own programming, through our conditioning. This is how we get back in tune with the Music of Life. The cosmic symphony that we all are part of.



Unless the pattern of human existence realigns with the pattern of the universe, we will continue to bring chaos in the world. Because what actually is chaos, but a mere illusion?



Can you see the inherent ORDER within all physical matter? In how electrons move around the nucleus and planets move around its star. There is order in how cells form and molecules behave. Look at the Fibonacci sequence. There is order in nature, there is order in matter, in energy, in gasses, in fluids and there is even order in nothingness. Everything follows patterns. As above, so below. As within, so without. Even time repeats itself in cycles.



There only ever is ORDER. Everywhere. Chaos is just an illusion. Because it only exists in the human mind. Because what else is Chaos, but just patterns, we have not yet understood? The human mind creates the very idea of chaos, which manifests in the physical world as inharmonious events. Only when we are out of tune with the universe, do we cause disharmony. When thought contradicts reality, it causes conflict. With oneself and with nature.



When we go against truth, we go out of alignment. When we go against love, we go out of alignment.



Such actions cause a distortion in LIFE. As a consequence the individual falls out of balance and accumulates bad Karma. This sends them down a spiral of suffering.



We built entire systems to make up for the chaos, that our mental patterns cause. We tried to bring order through force, instead of just cleaning up the mess in our minds. But this very order, that we create to fight the chaos, IS BORN OUT OF OUR OWN CHAOS WITHIN. This fight can never end, it will last forever, until we have cleared this CHAOS within us and bring ourselves back into how it was always supposed to be. Daoists called it Wu Wei. Alchemists spoke of union of opposites.



Everything moves in accordance to patterns, not only in the world of physics but also in the world of the mind. Our habits are programs. Our thoughts are programs. Our reactions are programmed. We follow patterns of behavior, imprinted by past experiences and accumulated knowledge. We are biased by our software, we are judgmental because of our programming.



The Human brain is like a computer. Like hardware. And the mind, the mental realm is the software. Ideas and beliefs are programs, that run through our thoughts. They shape our thought patterns and therefore also our outward actions. As within, so without.



Negative thought patterns affect the outer world. Inharmonious thoughts corrupt our actions. So for you to be in alignment with Life, you must also bring your own thought back in order. Become aware of the entire movement of thought. See the consequences of your thoughts, words and actions.



Heal yourself. Your traumas. Your deeply wounded heart and soul. Integrate all your broken fragments. All your archetypes. Be authentic. Let go of your attachments. Overcome your fears. Discipline your Desires.



Be AWARE. This is how you reprogram yourself. By being aware of all your thought patterns. This is how you free yourself from the limitations of the mind. Understand every of your actions and your reactions. Look deep within. Always be aware of your own intention. 'Know Thyself' as they used to say in ancient Greece.



Everything moves in accordance to patterns. When people walk through the streets, the way they walk, follows a pattern. When we speak, our words follow patterns. When we think, even our thoughts follow patterns. Our emotional reactions to outer circumstances, follow patterns. And we are trapped in habits and addictions.



Now When you become Aware of a harmful habit, when you see it without distortion, the very perception of it, causes the pattern to change. Awareness is effortless. Awareness is without friction or resistance. It's another thing though, if you are still attached to something. You can only change after you have already let go.



Letting go of attachments is extremely difficult. It's an inner battle against yourself. And you will fall many times but the trick is to always stand up again. Until you see, the only way to win is through Love.



Where there is attachment, there is no love. Because attachment creates conditions. Attachment creates preferences. Attachment causes judgment. Attachment causes fears. Attachment creates desire. Love is neither of those things. Love is your connection to the universe. To your 'Source'.



When you have let go of your attachments, there is no more fear. Because there is nothing left to lose. To end attachment is to end suffering. Because there is nothing in the world that can hurt you again. There is balance and inner peace and bliss. It really is worth it. Nothing in the world can rock you. Nothing can shake you. But you need to be disciplined not to fall into any ego traps or building new attachments. It's hard but it is possible. And I think I discovered something that might help you. An insight, with which the process of letting go becomes easier for you.



Through a metaphorical action in the outer world, you can affect the inner world. This is how you break out of the prison of your inner programming. This is how you break through your attachments, that keep you stuck from reaching the next level.



I give you some examples: I once realized that I was attached to my collection of books. They were taking up space. But I struggled hard to let go, until I realized I didn't really need them. They didn't make me happy. And so I gave away my book collection, including a signed copy of the Silmarillion. And from that moment on I was no longer attached to any material objects.



I was addicted to cigarettes. It took me almost a year to end it. It was a constant back and forth. I tried switching to vaping and reducing nicotine, but then someone offered me a cigarette and I was back to buying full packs again and spending a shit-ton of money for a shortened life-span. After almost a year, I was done with constantly losing against my own Self. And so I threw an entire unopened pack away. This action broke the curse for me. It reprogrammed my mind and I was able to quit.





I was attached to people. But I realized that attachment is not Love. And so I cut a thread with a scissor to symbolize the ending of attachment.







Through metaphorical and symbolic actions in the outer world, you reprogram the inner. This is how you can break the mental attachment and allow your mind to become free. And this can only be done in the NOW moment. When you are fully present. Only then can you end attachment, when you are fully aware of everything.



Ever wondered, why religions have rituals, like replaying the last supper by sharing wine and bread? It's because the act of 'drinking the blood of Jesus' basically installs a thought pattern into the mind of the person. Worship songs, pilgrimages, sermons and reciting ancient texts have similar effects.



As within, so without. So be aware of your thought patterns, how they influence your actions. Be aware of any attachments. See the consequences of attachment. Let go of them in your thoughts, in your emotions and through your actions. Let go of something symbolically to end an old thought pattern and allow new ones to flower.



Ever seen one of those movies, where people throw rings into oceans, as a symbol of letting go? You can also do that in your actual life. Visit a grave. Or throw away a picture. Or write a letter to yourself with all the things you want to let go of and then burn it.



You know, whenever you let go of something, you will realize that you never even needed it in the first place. Just remember, no matter what happens, you will be okay. Even if it pains you. You are better off without attachment.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Very well said! Thank you for sharing.

I have listed 265 programming patterns to be de-programmed for self-awakening, and shared here:  
[SoC AssessPoints 265](https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1fp9e8y/soc_assesspoints_1_central_area_mind_control/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button)

Please let me know what you guys think.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/awakened/comments/1fs9fj0/this_is_how_you_break_through_your_own_programming/lplono4/?context=3
