My partner broke up with me because she found her dharma.
2024-10-09 · r/spirituality · by SpanglishSpeaker

Hello everyone. This is my first time posting on reddit, so excuse me if the things I say don't make a lot of sense and if this is kind of a mess. I'm trying to find some sane perspective that can help me understand what happened.

My now ex partner (26F) is really, really into spirituality. She was very into astrology at first, and that kind of caused a big rift in our relationship because apparently "we were not compatible due to our signs". Obviously there were actual issues that were difficult to work on (my life is not very easy) and she is a very demanding and very impatient person and when she wants something she gets very obsessed with it, and goes into a loop for months and months. We spent 2 years broken up, but we saw each other relatively often. However, we solved our differences and with a lot of time and effort it seemed like we were ready to have a relationship again.

Little by little, over the course of a couple of years, her beliefs started to become more and more extreme, radical, saying things like "if something terrible happens to someone is because their soul wanted to learn that lesson". Fastforward to this year, she got very deep into (what I have now realize is) New Age spirituality: trascendental meditation, lots of books about quantum physics, endless youtube videos of gurus proving how there's definitely life after death and we are all part of "the source", crystals, positive thinking and vibrations... you name it.

Almost every time we talked about some everyday problem she redirected the conversation to spiritual issues, how I wasn't attracting anything positive by my thinking (I work full time at a regular place but am actively looking for a job and it's very hard rn!!!) and how sorry she was that I wasn't able to understand that this life is a sham and it's all a lie, we are just living a mirage and we will meet the source in the end. She has quite a stressful situation right now because her parents live far away and they both had serious health scares this year, her living situation is not the best due to her housemate also going through big life changes, and she feels overwhelmed and stuck in her part-time job.

This last Summer she went back to her town for the holidays and took refuge in one of her close friends who, from my point of view, is also kind of having an existential crisis. They spent together every day, watching spiritual videos and shows, smoking, eating junk food, getting into crazy conspiracy theories and constantly going over the idea that this world is the matrix and that they can manifest the life of their dreams. I told her I was getting worried and she dismissed it as pure innocent fun. I told her over and over again that I respected her beliefs but isolating, obsessing over one topic and neglecting all her friends and family was not healthy for either of them.

I spent a few days with her and everything was good but I did notice her feeling a bit detached from everyone but this one particular friend, hyper-focused on spirituality and wanting to move back to her town permanently (a few months ago she couldn't even think about going back there for good and she was so different from the rest of the people who live there). I expressed that I was okay with the idea and that we could see how it goes if I found a remote work opportunity or have a long-distance relationship while I find a better job opportunity, but right now it didn't seem possible to move all the way there. The last few days we spent together she kept saying she didn't want to work, she didn't want to come back to the city we both live in, she didn't want to go back to the office and face her boss, that she was gonna manifest riches and abundance and not work anymore, etc.

She came back to the city and, after a few days, she told me she was leaving, she didn't know when, but she was leaving. I told her to calm down and think about the life she had built all these years, but she kept insisting that her parents needed to be taken care of and that this one friend was the only one who got her, that only both of them are awakened and that she needs to surround herself with awakened people who raise her vibrations only. She said she only wanted to meditate and ignore the world. She even told me that one of her work friends gifted her something (I think it was a bracelet) and that she felt like this was her way of saying goodbye (she has been obsessed with this one work friend, meeting outside of work every week and having a very close relationship, but nothing romantic at all). Obviously I got worried and this ended up causing problems between us because she had reassured me a month ago that she was ready for us to live together (now) and to raise a family (in the future) and now she wanted the complete opposite.

So, a couple of days later she ended up dumping me saying that she had had so many spiritual awakenings this summer and ***the universe was telling her to go back to her town with her parents and isolate from the world,*** that this was her **dharma** and that she knew it wasn't the life I wanted and I would end up resenting her for the rest of my life. I tried to reason with her, trying to calm her down and explaining that she was under a lot of stress and she had found comfort in spirituality and that was good but she was letting it take over her life. She kept saying that she saw the signs and sinchronicities everywhere confirming what the universe was telling her: timestamps (11:11), license plates, etc.

The breakup was horrible, we both cried and she kept telling me she loved me but she knew she was hurting me and that I just didn't understand that she had to leave to live secluded and just meditate. I honestly thought she was having some sort of psychosis and knew that I couldn't do anything else at that point.

Right now I am feeling pretty devastated. I am someone who is open to the idea of spirituality, I read stuff here and there and was never once rude about her beliefs, even offered to accompany her to one of her meditating sessions and going to a retreat in the future. I firmly believe she's going through something and I worry deeply about her mental health, but there is nothing I can do. I would like to know if anyone else has gone through this or knows someone who has experienced something like this. Any advice is welcome.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
True spirituality is the ability of uniting with all things and grounded with realities, rather than isolation or separation from realities. 
Unite to be strong and separate to be weak.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/spirituality/comments/1fyx9xl/my_partner_broke_up_with_me_because_she_found_her/lr0ygnh/?context=3
