Language learning and reincarnation
2024-10-13 · r/ReincarnationTruth · by [deleted]

I don't know if this post fits this sub (so feel free to remove it if it doesn't) but I wanted other people's opinion on this.

Does learning certain languages become easier if your past lifes spoke the language?

Like seriously, yesterday I had a dream where I deeply regretted not learning Korean. The dream was extremely vivid and I was visiting Korea. Let it be known that this is extremely random because I've never seen any Korean TV shows or anything about their culture.

Another dream that I had a long time ago was one where I deeply regretted not learning Turkish. In the dream I was visiting Turkey after a botched attempt to go to India and that was completely random (just like the Korea dream) since I do not have any intentions to speak Turkish and I have never watched TV shows or even studied their culture.

I am of european discent so these dream to me are completely random and seem like something reminescent of past lifes or a premonition that these languages will be useful in my life.

I also have a strange attraction to french as a language and find it quite easy to understand it and had dreams about france too that felt really comforting like I was at home or something.

Thoughts? I would also like to hear about genetic memories since I don't know any other subreddits who could discuss that. Could genetic memories influence language learning? A lot of Irish or Scotts who learned their ancients languages believed that it did make it easier but it's probably just confirmation bias to make language learning sound cooler.

  
(I also would like to know if learning about past lifes can make escaping easier and if anyone was sussceful thanks)

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Yes it would be easier if you remember your past life and also make escaping easier.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/ReincarnationTruth/comments/1g24w86/language_learning_and_reincarnation/lro4zu1/?context=3
