I'm really, really, really suffering
2024-10-13 · r/spirituality · by deerblossom96

I don't know what to say I don't feel able to explain why I feel this way but I just feel so awful and I can't ever imagine anything being okay 

I feel SO alone and frightened in this world I don't know if my spirit belongs somewhere else but I keep saying "I want to go home" ALL the time 

I feel like a child I'm 28 but I feel like a child who is lost and I NEED to go home but I don't know where that is

I don't feel safe here I need to feel calm and safe and loved. I feel like I need a mum to run to to somehow make everything ok.

I feel like this life is a nightmare and I need my mum to come wake me up from it but in reality my mum wouldn't have a clue how to help me I don't feel like my parents keep me safe any more because I've realised they have no idea what's going on either

Is this life a nightmare? I feel like I need to wake up from it desperately. How do I go home?

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Awaken your soul, break free from reincarnation, to end the suffering.

    Important-Ad6143:
    Then what ? Back to the collective?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        Back to the free worlds. Everyone is collective, no real individual, regardless of being in the hypnotized world or in free worlds.

            Important-Ad6143:
            Why do I feel like an individual with its own will and all.

                Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                You do have your own free will, absolutely.
                
                But “you” are a not a single soul, instead you are a collective soul. 
                
                Just like your body has 10 billions cells, which means your body is a collective entity. A collective entity has its own free will. 
                
                At the same time, each cell also has its own free will at certain level, regardless of you notice it or not.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/spirituality/comments/1g2di55/im_really_really_really_suffering/lro8294/?context=3
