Why are humans designed to be like “Sheep”?
2024-10-15 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by matrixofillusion

Humans have been programmed to be both guided materially and spiritually. We need a government, higher authorities… 5000 different gurus on YouTube. Even in the Bible, humans are described as sheep who need a shepherd. So many people are willing to fall off the cliff following the wrong person. Following the wrong crowd. We are totally cut off from our inner spiritual GPS and pushed to rely on external sources such as prophets, gurus, teachers, healers… Always thinking that x and y have more answers or potencies. Not realizing that many humans are amazing actors and also very good at hiding their narcissism. When a person comes on 20 shows and claims they hold truth, it surely is not coming from a place of humility. They are so good at convincing others that they know something we don’t. So that they get followers and money. Some do hold some truth but no one holds the whole truth. But act as though they do. 

Seems like most people who think they are awake, are just waiting to see what such and such person has to say on YouTube. If not the priest, guru, Imam, rabbi.. we have all the alternative or new age gurus. And every single person is sharing a different narrative. What you believe, will become your experience. I know a person who is convinced the hybrid human/alien program is positive (because bashar says so) and all her experiences with ET forces are very positive. Of course she also wants to infect me with her beliefs. I listen to my gut feeling that screams NO. I do not know who is right or wrong. I choose to be humble and say I am clueless. I neither feel like being a shepherd nor a sheep. I know that we must walk our own path. Leave the group mentality that keeps us away from the opportunity to have a direct connection with divinity. We are all so unique and on different levels of consciousness. One formula and belief fits all is an absolute illusion. This is why not so many are becoming free on a soul level. And most shepherds are wolves themselves.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Because Sheeple is designed to be slaves lol

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1g2po77/why_are_humans_designed_to_be_like_sheep/lrwegiq/?context=3
