15F looking for tips and advice on Spirituality and meditation.
2024-10-20 · r/spirituality · by waldeinsamkeide

This past month I've had a reawakening. I've been reading a lot of Richard Rohr's books, especially the Universal Christ, and everything just clicked into place. Things make so much more sense now, and I want to continue to go down this path. But I'm having a few hiccups.

1. Ego- I have a superiority complex where I sometimes think I am better than others, or I feel smarter and think I have more common sense than others. But I know I need to rid of this thinking in order to truly deepen my connection with Divine God and the world. It doesn't help that my classmates are a bit..worldly? (Is that judging?) And very teenage-like, and it kind of bothers me because I *think* I am a very mature and quiet person, and it's hard connecting with people who are so unlike me. I also prop myself up to be this super amazing and kind and awesome person, but I don't want to think that way because again, I'm being egotistical. So I'd really like tips to become more selfless and humble!


2. Doubt. I have some mental health problems, and one of them is that I have some very unstable voices in my head. I now know that these voices are all a reflection and part of me, but sometimes it's too much. One prominent one is a voice in my head that tells me that Spirituality isn't the way to go and that I'm still down the wrong path. This voice wants me to go down the more traditional Christianity path, but when I considered going down that route, I had a terrible nightmare of two weeks where I was wresting with my thoughts and in constant mental turmoil, because there are many things in traditional Christianity that I just don't support and don't click with, and assimilating with traditional Christianity would mean completely shedding some of my moral beliefs which I believe to be true. Spirituality helps me to still regain my moral beliefs while also transforming me in the process. But this voice makes me feel bad and makes me feel as if I am being silly and avoiding the "right" path because I am "stubborn". My Christian grandparents also disapprove of my journey and I feel like that is contributing with the voice too. 


3. Meditation. I listen to Mindful Peace for meditations, but anyway I could go deeper? What are some tips I could include? I usually lie on my back when mediating, but I heard that might not be the best, so would love some alternatives.

4. Consistency. How to be consistent with my mediations and mindfulness? Sometimes I'll meditate in the morning, but I'll usually go to sleep afterwards. And sometimes I won't even do it in the night. I really want to be consistent so it can stick! 


Alright that's it! God bless and thank you!

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
1. Ego comes from the illusion of individuality, or the separation of Oneness. Individual consciousness does not really exist. Everyone’s consciousness is collective consciousness. This is the root key to become more selfless and more oneness.
2. Doubt - everyone has more than 12 souls since born, and those 12 selves talk to each other all the time inside you. See a post about “Multidimensional Body-Complex” in this sub r/EscapeReincarnation.
3. Meditation & Consistency - truth meditation happens 24 hours a day without interruption, regardless of moving or still or sleep, regardless of sitting or lying or walking or talking. If you can only do static meditation but cannot do dynamic meditation, you are only half way there. Deeper meditation state is described in this post “What is The Ultimate Source” in the same sub mentioned above. The key to deeper meditation is to do both static & dynamic meditation 24/7/365 fully blended with daily life every millisecond.

    Reasonable_Narwhal34:
    What exactly defines ‘truth meditation’? Whether it’s dynamic or static, how can one determine if they are practicing true meditation? Is it about achieving a certain state, or is it more about maintaining awareness of reality in all circumstances?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        Astral Projection is "true meditation".
        
        See this article here explaining the 5-steps of meditation with illustrations:
        
        [Traditional Meditation: 5-Steps (Illustrated)](https://www.awakenology.org/Traditional-Meditation-5-Steps-Illustrated/)

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/spirituality/comments/1g7nlke/15f_looking_for_tips_and_advice_on_spirituality/lsu3ej0/?context=3
