Spiritual awakening, any books I can read to navigate and explore more?
2024-10-22 · r/spirituality · by luv4mangos

I think I had a spiritual awakening this past weekend and can't get over it. I was journaling and what I was writing didn't feel normal. It was as if a higher/better self was writing to me. Could anyone recommend any books that can help me explore more into this?

A little backstory: This is first year I have moved out of my home state to Puerto Rico. The reason for moving was to be with my mother-in-law who lives on her own but to also get a breather from the stressful job I had. After the move, I was offered a part-time job as a tour guide and I am cleaning a house part-time too. Things came together pretty easy at the time. Since moving, life has been much slower. I have so much time on my hands I have been able to explore hobbies and have tried going out to see places. I do feel like I am becoming more open-minded due to what I have experienced (new culture, new lifestyle, etc.) I have slowly 

Spiritual Path: I grew up Catholic and still am. My parents were church goers but it wasn't until around 2009 that my mother got more involved in the church and made it a rule that Sunday mass was mandatory for everyone in the household. I became very spritual in high school and will say that maybe that was the point I have felt a close relationship with God. I became really active, going to youth group, Spanish mass, and even church events. After high school, I continued to go to church as I was still living with my parents. It was maybe 3 years ago that I became involved in becoming a coordinator for the hispanic community and resigned from leadership due to moving. I currently don't feel like I really have a close relationship with God but I do find peace and don't feel guilt when I choose to go to church now. 

Excerpts from my journaling:

"Life is full of emotions. You are normally sad and need to lighten up. Release. Release. Release. Let go and let be. Let go and let be."

"Dive deep and you will find things. Little by little you will find treasures in the ocean. Unique. It's another world that needs to be explored. You are Renaissance."

"You are not holding the world looking in but you are the world and must look within'"

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Read this website: https://www.Awakenology.org

Spiritual awakening 101.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/spirituality/comments/1g961ig/spiritual_awakening_any_books_i_can_read_to/lt6g9u3/?context=3
