Wanting to be reincarnated 
2024-10-24 · r/Reincarnation · by [deleted]

I'm new to learning about reincarnation, I know some people want to avoid being reincarnated and see it as something negative, when I pass on I would love to reincarnate into a new life as a repeated cycle without memory of my past life, is there any drawbacks to this and is it possible that you could chose to keep reincarnating straight after death? I love being alive and it would be exciting to live different lives. Also what happens in-between the period of reincarnation? What prepares you for incarnation or does it happen right after your spirit leaves your body and starts reviewing your life/ choosing your next life

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
There are two types of reincarnation:

(1) Active reincarnation: you reincarnate actively with your free will. Active reincarnation system is designed for free world souls.

I have actively reincarnated many times, freely come in and out at will, without being hypnotized nor loosing memory.

Active reincarnation is full of fun 👻 if you like it. You can experience any types of bodies available on the market. I tried many types, some are humanoid 👽, some are not 🐲🦖🐳🦅🦋.

(2) Passive reincarnation: you reincarnate passively without your free will. This is hypnotized reincarnation or forced reincarnation.  Passive reincarnation system is designed for prison planets.

Earth is one of them.

Passive reincarnators are mostly being captured, hypnotized, forced and lost memory with amenesia.

There is also another problem with the passive reincarnation system:

a) Normally, the existence of prison is reasonable. A normal prison has 5 years, 10 years, 20 years and life sentences RESPECTIVELY according to each prisoner’s situation.

b) However, the hypnotic prison planet is NOT reasonable because it has life-sentence ONLY. A soul on earth is PERMANENTLY-enprisoned, life after life without limit, never allowed to get out.

This is the only reason why many souls are against such a permanent prison system. It’s unreasonable and against free will.

Of course, if anyone who likes a permanent emprisonnent game, then you’ve got it - enjoy! 😂

    No-Establishment5590:
    This is definitely what I'm hoping for. Finding anyone serious is hard, and finding anyone among them who shares similar wishes is even harder.
    
    Not a day passes that I don't ponder and hope for my reincarnation, like praying to some unknown force. The hardest part is the wait, the fact that unless something decides to intervene early there's no way to even know if something's listening.
    
    All we can do is hope, and do our best not to seek solid answers too early....

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        Something has been listening and something has already decided to interveve.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/Reincarnation/comments/1g9u3jj/wanting_to_be_reincarnated/ltiswhm/?context=3
