Does anyone else have vivid dreams, all the time?
2024-11-19 · r/Dreams · by ApprehensiveWater362

What's your experience?  I've had these since I was 8 or 9, I'm 45 now.  They are like David Lynch movies at times.
- I dream in color
- often it's night and or raining
- often I'm trying to get to something or find something - very common to not find my recently parked car
- some family members or friends have never been in my dreams / ever 
- I can lucid dream (yet) and if I could I would be living a new life every night 

Anyone with similar experiences?  What have you done with these dream experiences?  I started journaling them as soon as I wake up.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
All the time since born. 

I started controlling the dreams since teenager as if they were day-activities, and use them to extend my day for what I want daily.

    ApprehensiveWater362:
    What process did you go through to achieve this?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        I could do this since born, without needing an initial process to learn.
        
        But I used an additional process to enhance:
        
        1. Control: Things in dreams are continuation of things from daytime, and vice versa. So I control my dreams for the purpose of controling my days as a continuation, given the dreams are easier to control. The keypoint is to observe and test the results betwwen dreams and days to gain expereinces.
        2. Memory download: Each time when I half wake-up from a dream, I immediately review the keypoints of that dream BEFORE fully wake-up and get-up. This is the key process to download the dream-realm memory to physical-realm memory, because memories are stored in each realm separately if not downloaded to another realm upon your conscious switching between realms.
        3. Take memo: Do this immediately right after the review of a dream, before this dream memory gets lost. Key words are good enough as memory triggers. Keep the memo and review the experiences constantly.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/Dreams/comments/1gumuvo/does_anyone_else_have_vivid_dreams_all_the_time/lxvqnp9/?context=3
