Hypnotist on duty -- Pushed into Vortex by Spirit Guide: "Do I really have to go?" "We've discussed this many times..."
2024-11-26 · r/escapeprisonplanet · by Lower-Lingonberry-40

[video] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CerAZR05KXE

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
This spirit guide is a typical hypnotist, working for the hypnotic reincarnation system, but a low level one lol. An AI-hypnotist can do the same.

    Darkest_Visions:
    This "fear the light stuff" Sounds like a fear based perspective on a natural cycle of souls growing over time. We are in a dark time of humanity. Everything is upside down in this world... smh. People even fear their own spirit guides.

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        This video is talking about FAKE spirit guides, NOT applicable to real spirit guides.

            Darkest_Visions:
            Ive seen a few posts of this same video and they all boil down to pushing a fear narrative. We all make an agreement before coming here, we all know there are ups and downs, especially in this time as there are many souls trying to learn to find balance and love in this intense time of Fear on the planet. That is part of the lesson - learning to ride the waves of fear while remaining balanced in Love. 
            
            It doesnt say this was a Fake spirit guide, it was literally her spiritual mentor she said - she was the only trying to go back on her agreement...

                Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                I don't feel and don't have any fear here. There is nothing to fear about as we are all immortal souls. The strong does not fear anything. Only the weak fears. (Fear is also being used for hypnotic purpose to weaken a hypnotized soul.)
                
                I feel sorry for those who have fear. Fear does NOT help. Pushing a fear narrative does not help.
                
                Discernment does.
                
                There are two types of reincarnation: active one and passive one.
                
                Active reincarnation is a soul reincarnates by full freewill.
                
                Passive reincarnation is a soul reincarnates by hypnosis (not full freewill).
                
                A real spirit guide respects your full freewill, respects active reincarnation and does not push for passive reincarnation or does not hypnotize you.
                
                A fake spirit guide does NOT respect your full freewill, trying everything possible to convince/hypnotize a soul to reincarnate, or even push you in some cases.
                
                In this video, the said spirit guide did not respect her full freewill. This is how a fake spirit guide can be discerned. He was trying to hypnotize her "many times" into beleiving that she should go back in the cycle of reincarnation regardless of her full freewill, and eventually "pushed" her in, which she was not happy about.
                
                A fake spirit guide, or a hypnotist in this case, is like a liar.
                
                No one should fear a liar, but should learn to discern a liar.

                    Darkest_Visions:
                    I can certainly see this validity. I think all Spirit Mentors may have a bit of a different style, it certainly seems he botched his work on this guiding and may be removed from his position.
                    
                    One thing to note I think, is the cost of not-reincarnating after having made a soul-contract to do so. Would a true friend not do everything possible to convince you to make the "right" decision when they see you about to lets say ... smoke crack, cheat on a partner, etc? A true friend would do their best to convince you ... 
                    
                    It does seem pushing a soul crossed a big red line for her, and they will likely be splitting ways after this life time.   
                      
                    Perhaps at the end of it though, she will have gained a lesson we cannot yet know and will find gratitude and thanks even.

                        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                        A true friend gives advices to convince, but not making decision or pushing across a big red line on your behalf. That's a big disrespect. Not respecting your freewill to gain experience is not a true friend but a pusher.
                        
                        Especially:
                        
                        On a free planet, it might be a valid argument on how to draw the line between a true friend and a fake friend, only because you do have a choice of active reincarnation with freewill.
                        
                        On a prison planet, no such active choice but passive push.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/escapeprisonplanet/comments/1h0017g/hypnotist_on_duty_pushed_into_vortex_by_spirit/lz06vuf/?context=3
