Compilation of All The Death Threats These Entities Have Told Me + Opinions on Strange Voice That Warns Me of Future Events? 
2024-12-03 · r/ReincarnationTruth · by AfterlifeInhabitant

I thought it would be fun to do this, since these beings like to threaten me a lot I decided to post every single threat they’ve ever given that I have written down or remember from memory. I then have to erase these entities from my presence but there’s always more because I am quite the target in these being’s eyes. So here it is, every single threat on my life they have ever told me:


“We will make you love us” - They try to brainwash me a lot with the whole loving energy vibe and try to make me question if aliens are evil or not and that “God” and “Jesus” are real and I should worship them. Needless to say, they fail all of the time and are angry about that.

“We WILL make you forget everything” - They tried to erase my knowledge about the soul trap, alien involvement in it and the enslavement of humanity, how we are all eternal aeons / thoughts of the true source, how reality is an illusion, how humans are seen and treated like cattle and slaves, how the afterlife is a lie, how prayer and worship are loosh harvesting endeavors, etc, etc. 

“We WILL make you one of us” - In response to a New Age Light scam I saw being pushed on a New Age sub. 

“Stop them from writing it down” - They tried to make me forget what happened because I overheard them when I wasn’t supposed to hear them and I wrote down what they said previously about trying to “Make me into one of them” 

“If you don’t stop researching this, we will kill your whole family” - Yes, they have threatened to kill my own family a couple times actually. What a twisted thing to say.

“We will make him suffer and we’ll make everyone you care about die horrible deaths” - “Him” refers to someone who I was close to and everyone else is self explanatory like friends and family. Again, disgusting behavior from so called “Love and Light” beings. 

“This is not true, just accept the light” - They pretend to be light entities and try to coerce me into New Age propaganda or Religious propaganda while disguised as bright light humanoids, angels, demons and even “Jesus”.


I know what some of you are thinking if you’re not familiar with the astral or subs like this in general, “You have schizophrenia”, “Those voices are hallucinations”, etc right? Well, you would be sorely mistaken because these entities have gotten physical with me and I absolutely knew it was them coming into the physical to try and kill me personally. 


A couple nights ago last month in November, I was taking out the trash and the dumpster we have is farther away from my home so I have to walk a little while to get there. It was pitch black night outside and as I was walking back home, I spotted this giant red glowing orb in the sky. This orb that follows me around every night has been stalking me for years and I always knew deep down it was a UFO due to the way it acted around me. Anyways, the orb began to rush at me and it did so quickly. I instantly started running to my house and even recorded the craft in question as I ran and it followed me. I felt pure, unadulterated hatred and anger emanate from this craft and I knew if I stuck around that I was going to get abducted and killed, I even had a warning inside my head that went, “Don’t be outside long, you’re going to get abducted”. 

The reason why these aliens haven’t killed me is because it would be too unnatural I think. You see, I live in a closed in area with a lot of people around which includes kids, animals, delivery drivers, maintenance workers, etc. If I suddenly disappeared inside of my own house then that would be too weird and raise alarm bells for normal people so they always wait until exactly night time to appear and stalk me while waiting to kill me. I’ve also had many other experiences in my life where I was supposed to die but didn’t that in retrospect, make it seem like perhaps I was never supposed to be born here and they are desperately trying to get rid of me in the most quietest way possible so that it doesn’t alarm people. These possible attempts on my life were when I was extremely young too, it stopped happening as I got older. 

I know this isn’t a guardian angel since I’ve basically dealt with those types of imposter entities that are actually aliens in disguise but I feel like something has been protecting me from these assassination attempts essentially. I’ve also had that weird voice that warns me of events that could kill me or harm me like the attempted abduction as I’ve mentioned, I’ve actually tried to get the identity to this mysterious voice but they keep giving me conflicting answers and refuse to tell me who or what they are or where they come from and even stated once they can’t tell me. I can’t even read their energy since it feels like they’re a shapeshifter but not reptilian and merely use holograms to portray themselves in various different manners. 

I don’t feel comfortable releasing the video I have of the craft chasing me because I do not feel comfortable sharing my location with people online. I know this sounds like a cop out and an excuse but it really isn’t, I just don’t trust that people online have good intentions from what I’ve seen with countless other people who have been doxxed, swatted, ddosed, and other methods of hacking and gaining of personal information that has ultimately ruined people’s lives because of malicious trolls so unfortunately I won’t be releasing it for privacy and safety purposes.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
They are professional **hynotists** \- employees of The Hypnotic Reincarnation Company (named T-Group) operating on 200+ hypnotic planets multidimensionally.

Based on their communicating style, they are lower level employees. Higher level employees would use smarter seductive style rather than threatening.

    tyler98786:
    I just want to say that I really appreciate your posts and comments, and that you have a really thorough understanding of the whole situation. Please continue to add your insights and knowledge whenever appropriate. 🙏🙏🙏

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        Appreciate your comment. 
        
        More people vibe with it, more I’m down to share.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/ReincarnationTruth/comments/1h4s8os/compilation_of_all_the_death_threats_these/m03e6u1/?context=3
