My Documented Experiences Of The Astral Plane: Yaldabaoth, Soul Pods, Aliens, Holographic Projections, and the White Tunnel of Light 
2024-12-03 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

I’ve decided that it’s finally time to disclose my own personal experiences within the Astral after everything I have shown to you all in my previous posts. We’re going to start with the most interesting experience I ever had:


“Prison Camp”: When I was in deep meditation thanks to the help of this video: https://youtu.be/rONT3tynpeM?si=W8RosKW0ry-M9jSo 

I began to have an Out of Body experience where I was in this white void and I saw Yaldabaoth himself, he was massive with glowing bright white eyes, lion’s head, snake’s body and what appeared to be massive black draconic wings. Next, I saw below me this massive run down city that was beige, brown and looked almost abandoned with black surveillance towers around the city. The sky also turned into a darker color with it looking outright apocalyptic with how the fake sun’s lighting here made the smoggy brownish-green atmosphere look like a wasteland. It felt like Yaldabaoth overlooked the city as he was so large that he towered over most of the city and felt like he was the puppeteer of the place all the while also feeling like he was trying to catch me and or trap me in this run down city that felt like a giant spider web of lower energies so I went back up which made him mad and I got away from him and he tried to attack me but I kept up my defenses and got away from him to which I opened my eyes, he didn’t come near me again after that and I went back into my body. 



“Soul Pods”: I have had many lucid astral experiences where suddenly I would feel like I was inside a human sized capsule and I could see inside of it while having these experiences. The inside of the pod was predominantly a light red color and there were these wires and devices in certain spots on my body:

Back of Head: There were these wires connected to the back of my head that I could feel at the back of my head that I had to rip out.

Naval: A thin device was always inside my naval during these experiences, it felt similar to the cords on fetuses, it was grayish silver in color. 

Penis: A suction cup like device was put on my penis during my time in these pods and sometimes grey aliens would stick a rod like device in there to extract semen to which I fought back and escaped such experiences. There were always four greys with huge eyes, small mouths and around my height, one of them was helping the first with extraction of semen and the other two were at this pure white console where they would put my semen inside of to create a hybrid baby. They were actually successful in this and showed me my child but I felt indifferent. 

(I should make a distinction between when these greys put me into a pod and when I was in these red pods, the colors were different from darker blue color in these grey kidnappings and the light red in my pod experiences and the pod I was in was chrome in texture during my encounters with the greys while the inside of the red pods were black for the machinery and red for the liquid I was in)

Eyes: Sometimes the red pods would stick me in the eye with rod like devices that I had to rip out. They would try to also do it to my pineal gland or third eye where I felt like it was numbing it down. 

Nose: On multiple occasions, they would try to put these strange rods up my nose but I pulled them out in these lucid experiences. It didn’t feel painful but I did feel it obstructing my nose’s pathway. 

When I realized the situation I was in, I proceeded to break free from these pods by tearing myself out of it astrally to which I saw thousands of other pods in this chrome silver area. It looked like some sort of holding facility. After a while, a giant white pathway would open revealing reptilians, greys and Insectoids that tried to stop me but I teleported away from them and escaped the facility they held me in. The outside facility was cube shaped and metallic silver. 

I never saw other humans in the other capsules since I never stopped to look around since I was hurrying to find a way out but I’m pretty sure there were. 


“White Light Vacuum”: During my many experiences in the astral realm, I have come into contact with the tunnel of light as seen in NDEs, for me it looks like a rectangular doorway. I have felt like it was pulling me towards it quickly so I teleported myself out quickly during such scenarios but sometimes I’m not fast enough and it actually gets half of my astral body from the stomach down so in the astral, I cut myself in half and teleport away regaining my lost lower half. Within the light are alien greys in this small chrome room where there is only a chair and what appears to be panels around the chair. This is where they erase people’s memories during each incarnation. 


“False Projections”: I have encountered these aliens pretending to be all sorts of religious entities in order to try and scare me or coerce me back into Christianity or even get me to become a Hindu. 

Angels: They will always appear as a faceless, Caucasian skinned humanoid with wings and a white tunic on them that radiate light. They tell me that they’re of “God” and here to protect me but I expose them by saying how evil the Abrahamic god is and mention how I already know they’re not an angel. The “angel” then stops pretending and reveals to me that it was a grey alien in disguise. 

Demons: A common misconception is that people think demons pretend to be aliens but this is not true. It’s actually the exact opposite, aliens pretend to be demons. In many instances, “demonic” entities will come to me in various stereotypical demon like forms and start acting like the bad cop to the angel’s good cop. They have even tried to possess me but like with the angels, I unmask them and they are yet again grey aliens. They pretend to be biblical demons to scare people into worshiping God and thus being none the wiser when they enter the white light at death thinking that it is heaven. This is even further proven in many “Hell” NDEs and other astral “demonic” phenomena where it’s shown that in actuality it’s a staged PSYOP done by these aliens as a scary fake punishment to keep people in line. I talk about this in my previous posts if you want to learn more. 

“Jesus”: Like many individuals before me, I have indeed encountered the fake astral Jesus but I tell him off noting the various discrepancies with his appearance such as his white skin when he should have darker skin since he was born in the Middle East and how he’s not the true Yeshua that spoke out against worshiping God and instead told us to realize our inner selves in the Gnostic Nag Hammadi. I should also mention that every time he appears, the fake love and light energy appears with him and he out stretches his hand in a gesture for me to hold it but I refuse to which it’s yet again to be a Grey in disguise that leaves quickly. 

Hindu Gods: On rare occasions, these entities have pretended to be the Hindu gods with me. Particularly Krishna, Kali, Vishnu, and Shiva. Like with the others I tell them I know that they aren’t actually them and they have no power over me since they have tried to brainwash me into accepting the Hindu gods but as someone who’s knowledgeable on Hindu scripture, that’s an extremely hard pass, seriously those gods might be just a little worse than Yahweh/Allah in their actions and teachings in the Puranas, Vedas, and Upanishads. Anyways, instead of revealing themselves, they just leave or I have to erase them forcefully. 


“Attempted Lobotomies”: These beings have tried to induce brain fog and erasure of memories by putting rod like devices in my brain. During these moments I start to become forgetful and begin to have my memories of certain things hidden that relate to the Soul Trap. I feel like they desperately want me to fit into a specific archetypal person so they do these lobotomies to make me into their image. I get away from them by erasing the entities doing it (Greys) and I teleport myself out of those situations. 


“Poison Jabbing”: On many occasions I’ve been jabbed in my neck, pineal gland, penis, left hand, and foot by either syringe like objects or what appear to be astral scorpions and small flying insects. They either extract materials from me or put nasty stuff inside my astral form to which I respond by using a method where I use my light body that feels more free than my astral form and I envision all of that negative energy being taken out of me and having it be sent back to its sender.  


“Astral Men In Black”: I’ve encountered the MIB during my time in the astral. They always wear black fedoras, suits and ties, and sometimes dark sunglasses. They have pale skin and light blue eyes. Sometimes it’s only one while other times it’s two of them. They have often tried to forcefully erase my memories but I erase them before they can, for some reason they are much more difficult to erase than other entities. I once stumbled upon an assembly line of sorts for them where MIB were on a conveyor belt inside of this black cube like complex. The inside had this chrome texture to everything and the MIB were stepping off this conveyor one by one which shows me that the MIB are not just physical but also interdimensional as well which explains their non-human like presence. They’re organic robots created by these beings to silence those who know too much, they operate in the astral and are able to come into the physical when they’re on their silencing missions towards UFO witnesses.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
There are several hundreds of Hypnotic Bases and Facilities inside Earth, like what you described, and many more of them around earth or far from earth, multidimensionally including astral plane. Those beings fooling around are professional hypnotists - employees of The Hypnotic Reincarnation Company (T-Group). Some of them are AI-bots projecting images based on your conscious contents.

If you have the llusion that you have a "body" during astral projection, it would be easier for them to catch you.

The illusion of physical body is within the tier-1 reincarnation.

The illusion of astral body is within the tier-2 reincarnation.

Kill the illusion of "having a body" during astral tarvel or OBE, is a key to NOT being "captured" by those hypnotists.

    [deleted]:
    >There are several hundreds of Hypnotic Bases and Facilities inside Earth,
    
    I have wondered this myself... I have picked up on details in listening to some Hell NDE/OBE accounts where people describe Hell as "in the center of the Earth" and some people have even mentioned seeing dirt and tree roots when they are moving back up into their body. 
    
    > The illusion of physical body is within the tier-1 reincarnation.
    > 
    > 
    > 
    > The illusion of astral body is within the tier-2 reincarnation.
    
    Do you have any more information on this sort of thing?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        There are three levels of hypnotic technologies developed for the purpose of entrapping souls into the cycle of reincarnation by UTILIZING their levels of illusions or intentions.
        
        1. Utilizing the illusion (or intention) of Physical Body is categorized as tier-1 reincarnation.
        2. Utilizing the illusion (or intention) of Astral Form is categorized as tier-2 reincarnation.
        3. Utilizing the illusion (or intention) of Conscious-Loop is categorized as tier-3 reincarnation.
        
        Here is how to escape from those three tiers of reincarnation:
        
        [What Is SoC (Spectrum of Consciousness) - the only loophole of the hypnotic reincarnation system](https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1fp966l/what_is_soc_spectrum_of_consciousness_the_only/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button)

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1h5mmuo/my_documented_experiences_of_the_astral_plane/m0745ra/?context=3
