Misanthropy is an utter lie
2024-12-06 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

Misanthropy and apathy are on the rise always it seems, many people blame the human race and think it deserves to die but these people have been lied to. These people hide behind veils of intelligence when in actuality they are seething with hatred and actively think that harm done to humans is fine or not important. 


These people have been brainwashed by the Non-Human victim blaming against us all. You see it everywhere from religions talking about how humans deserve to be punished because of sin, karma or “disrespecting the divine”, in NDEs and alien contacts where they blame humanity for our problems despite them knowing about our future already and saying they created us in their image (sounds like something an abusive parent would say, “Why can’t you act the way I want? I birthed you into this world and I can take you out”), it’s in philosophy where people say that humans are evil and disgruntled creatures, it’s in literally everything if you really look for it. The victim blaming for humanity and the whole “you deserve this” rhetoric.


Misanthropy is the number one way to make people not care about others who are in extreme suffering by making them say them say that all of us are evil, disregarding the innocent children in war torn areas, the children born in dictatorships, the people who actively try to help with problems, etc. I’ve actually seen many misanthropic people gladly say that they want humans to die and actively wish for it to happen not taking into account that many innocents who aren’t terrible people will die but they don’t care because “they’re human”.


None of us are born with freedom of choice, we all have to fight to survive, from the animals to us humans nothing would change if the roles were reversed because we ourselves are animals biologically speaking and also because beings need to survive off of other’s suffering as seen with predators in the wild. A very tired argument I’ve seen is that animals would take care of our planet better than us, that’s not really true and is just ignorance. There are many animals that kill and rape their young, they go out and kill others for sport, they straight up rape other animals like dolphins do, and overall can be described as “evil” by some but people excuse because they’re just animals not knowing that we ourselves were also programmed with violent tendencies by these Archonic entities that want to feed off of us.


Misanthropy is a veiled illusion of the NHI’s actual behavior towards us and what they want us all to believe, they want us to put our faith in non-humans so they can manipulate us easier and do harm to us. This is seen with many abductees where they actively are shown disliking humans and say that these aliens are better than us despite said aliens literally killing humans, forcing children into sexual encounters (pedophila), giving people PTSD and Depression and saying that “they chose this”, make people live out horrible lifetimes for “lessons” and “karma”, and other terrible deeds. 


Do not be fooled into grouping everyone of a group together because of bad experiences, that’s extremely simplistic and falling right into the Cabal’s hands, the alien’s hands, the archon’s hands, and the Demiurge’s hands since this matrix was founded off of divisiveness, bigotry, hatred, suffering, violence, manipulation, and everything else that we see here. They want us to hate each other, “divide and conquer” as they say. But united we are all strong and our souls are even more powerful against them all which by the way is another point. No one is truly human since we all came from the Pleroma/Nirvana realm so really we’re hating a mere fictitious species that never even existed in the first place since Samsara is a pure illusion.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
I agree "that’s extremely simplistic". And extremely simplistic make people unobjective thus may resulted as stupid from the view angle of the objective ones.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1h7vfv5/misanthropy_is_an_utter_lie/m0ob8xv/?context=3

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Most people still don't realized that they are fallen under “divide and conquer” and forget that united we are all strong.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1h7vfv5/misanthropy_is_an_utter_lie/m0oboh3/?context=3

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
It's true that "No one is truly human" as myself came from another world before this visit to earth, and I observed most people are. If they are entrapped here, it is only because they are not noticing that "Samsara is a pure illusion" or brain-washed by it after getting here.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1h7vfv5/misanthropy_is_an_utter_lie/m0oc5a2/?context=3
