Reincarnation Truth (4): Amnesia by Hypnotic Reincarnation --> 1) How Amnesia is Created --> 2) How to Address Amnesia 
2024-12-09 · r/ReincarnationTruth · by Lower-Lingonberry-40

[link] https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1h9zg9y/amnesia_by_hypnotic_reincarnation/

--- comments ---

EraseTheMatrix:
I've been astral traveling for ten years.  I have considerable experience with memory manipulation.  In the afterlife you can manipulate your memories.  I once had an experience where a negative entity went back in time and changed the timeline to mess with me.  My memories started changing to fit the new timeline.  But I refused to go along with it so I remember the new and original timeline.

I've also had negative entities try to memory wipe me dozens of times.  It doesn't work if you strong willed.  And if your energetically strong it probably wouldn't work either.  They don't need torture or electroshock to do memory wipes.  They have technology that can do memory wipes.  Like the neuralizer in men in black.  I've actually run into that a few times.  And they can do memory wipes with their own energy.

I can also do memory wipes when astral traveling.  I've done it to myself a few times just to see if I could.  And it's very easy to do.  I've also on occasion used memory wipes for self defense against negative entities.  I tried a short term memory wipe on one of them but he reflected it back to me.  And I could feel it trying suppress my short term memory.  Fortunately it didn't work on me.

So memory wipes and memory manipulation are easy to do.  You can practically do them at will.  So they don't need electroshock to do it.  They can do it just by manifesting memory wipe energy and throwing it at you.  If your strong willed though it doesn't work.  So most of the time I don't worry about it.

I should also point out that it is possible to transfer memories from one person to another in the afterlife.  And you can implant false memories.  This eliminates the need for any kind of school.  And blows the earth is a school theory right out of the water.

Let's say your in the afterlife and you want to learn kong fu.  You can have that information downloaded into your mind.  Just like neo in the matrix.  If you want to know what it's like to be in a war you can find some poor bastard who was in world war two and transfer his memories into your mind.  Then you will know exactly what a war is [like.So](http://like.So) you don't have to actually go through one.  

The fact that you can do this decimates the earth is a school theory.  It isn't.  It's a farm for negative entities to feed off of the energy of our negative emotions.  And if we want to really hurt them and make them angry stop giving into negative emotions so they have nothing to feed off of.  Then they will eventually cease to exist and erase.

    Lower-Lingonberry-40:
    Thanks for sharing your experience. Very interesting to see you have many same experiences as mine.  
    I've also been astral traveling for forty years. Some of my additional experiences to share:  
    1) Both present and afterlife memories can be manipulated.  
    2) Throughout history, many technologies have been developed for memory manipulation. These technologies are updated over time, with electro-shock being the most powerful in recent use. Newer technologies are continually being developed.
    
    One more important thing to share:
    
    Higher beings do not experience the illusion of energy. Only lower beings do.  
    The belief that they feed on human negative emotions is an illusion, designed to distract human from identfying the true system operator (namely T-Group).
    
    Some 3rd parties, who are not the true system operator, have signed contracts with the system operator, allowing them to collect human negative energy as "products" to sell on the market for entertainment purpose.
    
    However, the true system operator does not really require any energy. They are fully capable of self-generating all the energy they needed. In reality, energy itself is merely an illusion (though it may take long time for humanity to realize this).

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/ReincarnationTruth/comments/1h9zt3o/reincarnation_truth_4_amnesia_by_hypnotic/m14zpvm/?context=3
