My Experiences In the Astral Plane (Part 2): Soul Contracts, Afterlife Counselors, Fake Hells, Sex Pests, Shadow People and The Black Cube
2024-12-13 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

This is a continuation of my first post talking about my astral experiences as I feel like I forgot to include these parts and some of them have been happening to me recently so I wanted to talk about them here once more, here is a link to my first post if you want to learn more about my other experiences: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/s/uiqgCmOLvc 


“The Afterlife Life Script Program”: On a few occasions during my astral experiences I have actually seen my own counselor for my life script in the astral afterlife.


The environment of the area is this strange  light blue color that makes it feel alien. It feels like a massive yet empty room with a desk that has a Caucasian skinned man in the middle of it in a suit and tie. The man appears to be balding with black hair around his head and appears middle aged. He often has shown me directly my own life contract which appears to be a brownish sort of color with black letters on it. I have ripped up and burned this contract right in front of him which appeared to actually scare him if I remember correctly the first time I did it.


On other occasions like today as I wrote this, I have caught these dark entities writing my name down on similar pieces of paper to force me into soul contracts which I then proceeded to completely destroy both the contracts and the entities, erasing both from existence. 



“Hellish Simulation”: There have been some occasions where I would find myself, lucidly, being inside of this firey type expanse with a massive demonic figure in a throne that towers over me. Its skin is dark red, it has a slit nose, yellowish-white eyes, very muscular, and horns on its head. I’m chained up by my wrists and feet before him during these experiences but nothing happens. This is where I proceed to envision myself breaking the chains with ease and growing to be its size before shattering it to a those pieces and erasing it with pure light energy while also erasing the environment I was in as well. 

The area in question despite it looking like a mass expanse of fire is in actuality a giant dome like area that can be shattered like glass revealing a realm of false light energy that is yellowish in color. The “demon” and the fire are actually just holographic VR like objects that can simply be erased via realizing you’re more powerful than the simulation. They put people in these sort of hell like VR holograms to essentially make them think that they have no power at all or to get them to fall for the “Jesus” Psyop and have a fake Jesus “save them” just like in NDE and OBE experiences where beings using holographic images pretend to be Jesus in order to lure people into the white light of forced reincarnation or to guilt trip them with life reviews and sending them back to Earth to be propaganda messengers for the Archonic Alien Agenda in the astral afterlife. 


“Crossover Into Physicality”: Sometimes these entities don’t just appear in the astral, sometimes they appear physically but only for short amounts of time, here are a couple of instances of such things happening:


(Dread Inducing Stickman): A couple years back when I didn’t know about the Prison Planet and was still trying to figure out reincarnation, late one night when I was talking to one of my online friends abroad, I saw a figure on my wall for a couple of seconds before disappearing after I blinked.

This was not a hallucination as I was fully awake and aware of my surroundings and the room I was in was lit up just fine so it wasn’t complete darkness. The “black stickman” also caused an absolute feeling of dread to unnaturally appear in the air completely altering the aura of the room into one of dread, like something really bad was going to happen but never did. I even told my friend about this as it happened and they said that they would be terrified if they saw what I saw.

The figure in question was just that, a black stickman. The entity was a massive 2-dimensional shadow on my wall behind me and it moved its body by stretching out its arms to move its entire body. It had a slit like body, completely black, it had no humanoid like features except for the fact that it had a mere semblance of a body with a circle like head and a slit like body, arms and legs with no hands or feet to speak of. There was nothing in the room that could’ve caused such a shadow to emerge and disappear especially considering how fast it moved. The way it moved was very smooth and fluid, very unnatural looking. It looked like it was slightly taller than me which made things even more creepy. The entity has never appeared again nor have I seen any other “stickman” like entities, the entity felt extremely negative and very much of a lower energy since it induced the dread and fearful like feeling in room so easily. 



(Orbs of Light): Throughout my lifetime, I have seen these balls of pure light follow me around. These balls can differ in size from being as small as a pin to being as big as a tennis ball. These orbs of light can appear in duos or appear single file. On one occasion I actually saw two orbs of light the size of a small stress ball flying vertically next to my wall as I was done with my showering. It looked like I could actually touch them if I wanted to in that moment but I didn’t think about before they disappeared. They appear as the same light as the false white light I’ve seen from entities pretending to be angels, “Jesus” and other “good guys” in the astral and in fact I have never felt good vibes from them like others report, instead I feel absolutely nothing from them. Like they’re completely empty and have nothing of note to them. It doesn’t feel like they are protecting me, more so stalking me and watching me while pretending to be “light beings” to give the illusion that they’re not Archonic aliens in disguise or are even other energy draining manipulators in disguise. It’s like I’ve said before, they pretend to be both the light and the dark to trap people here in Samsara. 


(Misty Humanoids): Like many others I have actually seen shadow people and what can be described as ghosts. I put them both here since they are both astral entities but are different in their appearances and energies. 

Whenever I see a “ghost”, they’re usually a whitish gray like mist with a humanoid type build and sometimes I can see that they even look fully human even down to the clothes they wear. For these entities, they are usually the ones who managed to escape the Archonic entities waiting for them in the afterlife for one reason or another and sometimes because they don’t know what’s going on, they become violent and hostile due to the promises of a better afterlife not being true and thus they become poltergeists, going insane due to the revelation that the afterlife is not good as they were told. This unfortunately leads to people like exorcists unknowingly calling upon the Archonic forces of our planet to take them away forcefully into the false light. Essentially, people like exorcists and spirit banishers in general who banish human spirits are like tipsters who tip off the astral police to come and arrest these souls and send them to prison for trying to hide (reincarnation). To be honest, I’ve never had a bad ghost experience, I just sort of let them be and that’s how I’ve always treated it especially now that I know that the astral afterlife is a complete scam and a front for loosh harvesting, forced reincarnation, indoctrination of new age and religious beliefs, soul contracts and life scripts, and other inhumane practices. 


However, the same cannot be said about shadow people. They aren’t human spirits (false astral souls of now dead people), they’re completely non-human and are low energy entities that feed off of negative energy. I see them not only in the corner of my eye but also sometimes straight ahead where I see these black humanoid type shapes that appear like a dark grey mist before vanishing completely and quickly in a blink. I’ve also seen them in the astral as well with more defined body shapes and they always appear skinny with barely any recognizable features on their body like they have a black morph suit on. 


“Saucer of Light”: As I have teleported away from dangerous situations in the astral and have even managed to leave the confines of Earth via teleportation, I have been followed and taken by this white, glowing flying saucer like craft that abducts me and puts me into a white room where it’s essentially the exact same as the memory erasure room as I have seen through the doorway of light and they (Greys) try to put rod like objects in my ears, brain, and pineal gland to try and erase my memory of the events, how I managed to pull of such a feat, and try to program me like they always do. The saucer will appear whenever I leave and envision myself on other planets beyond the solar system or Earth in general, they do all of this via teleportation as well because they can come right back to Earth just as I had easily left it via the same method.


“Succubi of lust”: Sometimes this horned humanoid woman will appear before me and try to get on top of me where she tries to kiss me forcefully and try to arouse me. She has purplish skin, black hair, and glowing yellow eyes. Like with all entities I encounter that try to harvest loosh from me, I erase this succubitch from existence by shattering her like glass and envisioning the pieces dissolving. I have also had entities coerce me into “pleasuring myself” multiple times to harvest sexual energy from me and semen in the astral to create hybrids. 


“Nearly Home”: In a couple of experiences of mine, I have actually felt like I almost went home to the Pleroma. During certain meditations, I have found myself actually leaving the black cube of existence. It was a three dimensional massive black cube in this white void and I left through this doorway at what appeared to be the end of the universe but it was difficult to go through the doorway as it felt like it was pushing me back with an invisible force but eventually I squeezed through and found myself floating in this giant white void with this black cube that I just left from. Eventually I felt other beings around me and it felt like I was with them watching the black cube but a mysterious force kept pulling me back to it like some sort of cord. This has happened a couple times when I feel like I have completely left reality in these experiences and wind up in this white void, I proceed to get pulled back into existence most likely because I’m still alive. 


“Etheric Implants”: The Greys have tried to put implants inside of my astral body, specifically my brain as I have felt implants inside of there that coincide with sudden bouts of forgetfulness and losing track of what I was thinking when it comes to Prison Planet ideas. I envision my light form destroying these implants and removing them from astral self which always works but then they try to do it again to which I have to erase the greys personally and escape the situation.


“The Wheel of Samsara”: On rare occasions in the past, I have actually seen myself outside of the wheel of Samsara. It looked exactly like the Buddhist bhavachakra with this giant entity behind the wheel but I always leave the situation before anything can happen.


“Heart Harvesters”: Many occasions throughout my time in the astral have shown me that many entities want to harvest energy from the heart chakra. When this happens to me I feel drained and when it was fully done to me when I was younger, it literally felt like I had no soul and couldn’t feel anything. I would see these entities (greys) harvesting my heart energy in this container like apparatus and I would literally have to fight to my limit just to steal it back from them and kill off my emotionless state of being. It felt like my soul was ripped from my body in these instances and if it wasn’t for work and getting out of the house during this time, I may have actually died due to how extreme the soul sucking was. I have also had shadow people suck out my energy from the heart through what looked like this line of energy of light that was my heart energy being sucked up by these shadow people which makes me weaker physically and emotionally. I have to fight even harder in these instances of actual soul snatching and I erase these entities when I finally get my bearings since they always do these things when one is unprepared or not knowing of the supernatural.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Good read. Thanks for sharing.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1hc66vn/my_experiences_in_the_astral_plane_part_2_soul/m1pd6j5/?context=3
