You have 72 hours to live, how will you be preparing to escape Prison Planet?
2024-12-21 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by Disastrous_Change819

Asking for a friend.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Good question!

Préparation of Escape takes minimum 10 years for the most intelligent person.

72 hours? 

Enjoy prison life! 

Most importantly:

Spend the entire 72 hours to plant a SEED in your subconscious that your entire next life will focus on the Great Escape only, nothing else!

And hide that SEED from any observers.

    Disastrous_Change819:
    Let's say you've put in the work for 10+ years and are now entering your last days on earth, what are you doing over that final 72 hour stretch?
    
    Remember "Mario time" and "33 upvotes" have already been said, give me something original.

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        If you’ve already SUCCEEDED in that 10+ years work, then you are already OUT of the system. This 72 hour question does not apply to you.
        
        Or you can use your soulless-body (soul escaped) to do anything nonsense or nothing. Not relevant at all.

    N0n_4me:
    Well it doesn’t take 10 years to reality shift so you might as well just do that.

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        It doesn’t take 10 years?
        
        You’ve already done that? 
        
        I assume this is not empty talk.
        
        Then you must be the smartest of the smartest of the smartest 👍 on the whole planet.

    Disastrous_Change819:
    >Most importantly:
    
    >Spend the entire 72 hours to plant a SEED in your subconscious that your entire next life will focus on the Great Escape only, nothing else!
    
    >And hide that SEED from any observers.
    
    Somehow I missed this when I first read your comment, don't let the left hand know what the right hand is doing, got it. Great answer.

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        That’s right, don’t let the left hand know what the right hand is doing.

    Celestial_lakshyaPro:
    How escape takes 10 years..?? In what way ?? In which direction please explain more

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        \- Why a minimum of 10 years?
        
        Record 1: It took me 28 years to escape.
        
        Record 2: Based on the record of the hypnotic reincarnation system database, the largest escape in human history happened around 2500 year ago when Siddhartha Gautama spent 45 years teaching how to jalbreak. He had several hundereds studdents, and only 10 of them finally managed to escape, besides himself. This was the best historical record.
        
        Record 3: Jesus Christ spent 3 years teaching how to jailbreak. He had 12 students, but none escaped, except himself.
        
        Record 4: Mohamed spent 23 years teaching how to jailbreak. He had a few dozen students, and only 2 or 3 escaped, besides himself.
        
        The above three guys, along with their students, were recorded together as the largest escape in human history, even though the numbers were not that high.
        
        Reference 5: Traditional spiritual awakening methods require 5 steps to soul-escape:
        
        1. step-1&2: for 1 year (soul preparation);
        2. step-3: 3 years (soul projection);
        3. step-4: 5-10 years (soul split);
        4. step-5: 5-10 years (soul exit reincarnation).
        
        Total: 14-24 years.
        
        \- Why does it take so long?
        
        The hypnotic reincarnation system is a highly complex system developed by highly advanced alien civilizations long before the birth of the current human civilization.
        
        It is built upon a highly advanced Science of Consciousness, called the Spectrum of Consciousness (SoC). This system can suppress human SoC to below level 9, which is the threshold for a soul to distinguish illusions.
        
        Once suppressed to below lvl 9, the system first hypnotizes the soul into believing the body is the true form of life, not the soul, thus locking the soul inside the body.
        
        Second, to prevent the soul from remembering its history, an electroshock is applied to induce amnesia and suppress the soul's memories.
        
        Third, to further prevent the soul from escaping, a DNA chain is designed to bind the soul to the body.
        
        These three core technologies work effectively in binding a hypnotized soul to a physical body.
        
        Additionally, there is a small electro-net surrounding the Earth and a large electro-net surrounding the solar system to capture escaping souls.
        
        Since such alien groups possess higher civilization & technolgy than humans, it has been very challenging for humans to jailbreak.
        
        Just as jailbreaking an iOS device typically requires high-level knowledge of the iOS operating system (especailly its secutiry architecture), the Hypnotic Reincarnation jailbreak requires extensive knowledge of the Hypnotic Reincarnation Operating System, especially the fundamental technologies developed by those aliens.
        
        \- The fundamental technologies involved include but not limited to: 
        
        \*Hypnosis: 
        
        1) Spectrum of Consciousness (Soul Spectrum Suppression and De-Suppression);   
        2) SoC AssessPoints and SoC Levels (Millions of AssessPoints and unlimited levels);   
        3) Memory Recover from Amnesia (Soul Memory & Knowledge Suppression and De-Suppression);   
        4) Vertical Tunnel (Multidimensional Information Blocking and Unblocking, Telepathy Blocking and Unblocking).   
        5) Uniting with The Ultimate Source (Real-Source and AI-Simulated Fake Source) to understand the fundamental of the fundamentals. 
        
        \*Soul-Body Complex Structure: 
        
        1) Soul-Body 12-Layer Structure (Soul-Body Multidimensional Architecture);   
        2) Astral Projection (Soul-Body Separation);   
        3) Lucid Dreaming (Soul-Body Separation);   
        4) DNA Hidden-Triplex and Cracking (Soul-Body Binding and Unbinding). 
        
        Each of these fields typically requires 5-10 years to research and pratice. 
        
        Do you see how much knowledge Siddhartha Gautama, Jesus and Muhammad had about humans, animals, plants, materials, Earth, solar system, other life forms, other planets, other solar systems, universes, other universes, alien civilizations and the ultimate source... when they reached the level needed to escape?

    Alkeryn:
    how so 10 years ?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        See my answer above.

    JulzUniverse:
    How do you plant the seed and how do you hide the seed?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        1> Write a message (or program) to yourself, deep within your soul. Define when and under what conditions this message should send a signal to your conscious - or call your conscious to read it.
        
        2> Encode the message (or program) in a special language only you can understand, or in a form that appears ordinary but contains hidden hints known only to you.
        
        3> Hide this program in multiple layers deep within your soul to prevent it from being discovered or erased. Or, break the program into smaller fragments and hide them in different areas of your soul -  just don't forget to embed secret links that connect the pieces.

            JulzUniverse:
            Thank you so much. I'm going to have to ask how though. How do I write this message to myself? Do I say it verbally to myself? Do I feel it with conviction and depth? 
            
            Since I have electro-wiped amnesia, can you explain exactly how to do this with incredible detail?
            
            I'd be so happy if you did.

                Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                There are many ways to do this.
                
                For example:
                
                First, write down the program on a piece of paper and make sure it’s truly rigorous, with no loopholes.
                
                Then, repeatedly imprint it into yourself - deep into your soul - as deeply as you can possibly feel.
                
                You must feel it with conviction and depth.
                If you don’t, repeat the process until you do.

                    JulzUniverse:
                    Thank you. What did you mean by no loop holes though?
                    
                    Secondly I have an unrelated question. One that will keep me on the earth longer to give me more time to practise these things.
                    
                    How can I use my soul to increase my health? What does it actually take? Depending on diet alone doesn't work. How can I harness my soul's power whilst in this prison cell of a body?

                        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                        1> Loophole example:
                        
                        "This program shall not be altered by anyone except myself."
                        
                        This instruction sounds fine at first, but it contains a loophole: if you are hypnotized (as you are in this case), then you might alter this program unconsciously.
                        
                        To close this loophole, rewrite it like this:
                        
                        "This program shall not be altered by anyone, including myself."
                        
                        2> Soul-body health:
                        
                        A basic understanding of soul-body structure and relationship would be helpful here. I'll make a post to explain it and send you the link once it's ready.

                            JulzUniverse:
                            Okay, thank you very much for that. I'll wait for the health stuff.

                                Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                                Here is the post:
                                
                                [Multidimensional Soul-Body-Complex Structure (1): Single Complex (Part 1) ---- The Structure of A Prison Cell](https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1k4gjxb/multidimensional_soulbodycomplex_structure_1/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button)

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1hj3sns/you_have_72_hours_to_live_how_will_you_be/m34xfop/?context=3

--- comments ---

EraseTheMatrix:
I've been preparing for the last two and a half years by energy training and getting energetically stronger.  So I can fight and erase negative entities (negative entities run the reincarnation system).  But if you don't have two years there isn't much you can do.  You will probably end up reincarnating.  Unless you just get really lucky and end up leaving by luck.  Also don't try to come back as a ghost.  If you aren't energetically strong you will just get beat up by dozens or even hundreds of negative entities.  It won't be fun.   Just use your intention to leave the matrix and hopefully you will teleport out of here.

    Lower-Lingonberry-40:
    As far as the historical records show, NO ONE has escaped the matrix through energy training.
    
    The hypnotic reincarnation system is a HYPNOSIS system. DE-HYPNOSIS is the correct method to hack the system.
    
    De-Hypnosis is also called AWAKENOSIS - awaken a hypnotized soul.

        EraseTheMatrix:
        I've escaped negative entities when astral traveling.  They've tried to memory wipe me dozens of times.  I've put up shields that block it.  The memory wipe energy doesn't get through the shield so it doesn't effect me.  Another time they tried to put cords on me to pull me into a hell world.  So I cut the cords.  I've fought the bastards in the astral on many occasions.  And I've won.  So in my experience it is absolutely possible to escape.

            Lower-Lingonberry-40:
            Energy training is very good at building defense system. It can not only escape negative entities, but also fight and kill them. I have been doing this for five decades and I always advise people to build such a defense system at all times. However, escape negative entities and escape reincarnation are two diffrent things. Hypnotic reincarnation is about hypnosis and de-hypnosis, it is about cheating and tricking. A strong energy-based defense system is not enough. De-hypnosis technique is neccessary.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1hj3sns/you_have_72_hours_to_live_how_will_you_be/m36j6t7/?context=3
