When people ask "why don't the good guys save us"
2025-01-16 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by dontlietom3

We need to be honest with ourselves and realize that we've been slaughtering animals left and right ever since man appeared on this planet. 

So the question is, who saved the animals from us in the past? Did anyone step in to do something about their sad fate? No. No matter what we did to them and no matter how badly we treated them, no one "from above" has ever intervened to stop us from farming/enslaving/killing them. Is anyone coming to save them from us anytime soon? No. Our race will continue to enslave and slaughter them forever, and we don't think we're doing anything wrong because we're just trying to survive. This is the reality of the situation. This is not me being negative. It's the truth.


Imagine being born into a world with the purpose of being someone's food. It doesn't feel right. It doesn't feel like this how things are supposed to be. But that's how things work in this cruel three dimensional matrix world, because that's how the creator of this reality wanted this reality to be like. One survives by feeding off of the other. No matter who kills who, there will be loosh, so the creators of this place win anyway.

So, if no one intervenes to stop us from farming, enslaving and feeding off of the animals, then who's going to intervene and stop the Archons from farming, enslaving and feeding off of us? The answer is the same: nobody. That's the cruel truth. Surely a loving God or a benevolent ET race doesn't like seeing what's happening here. But again, has the loving God or benevolent ET race (if they even exist at all) ever intervened to stop the genocide that happens every single day on this planet? No. Not only has the loving God never intevened, God created this reality this way on purpose. 

"*It's just nature bro*", is the classic NPC response that you get when you bring up these subjects in real life. The truth of the matter is that nature is the way it is because it's been designed like this. It's not like this by accident.


We've been reincarnating on this planet for a long time and no one has ever intervened to liberate us from this place either. This is why it's important that people take matters into their own hands and realize that we are our own saviours. This is the opposite of what religion programs people to believe and do, which is to put yourself on your knees, send your pray and worship energies to feed the demon that created this reality while at the same time keeping you waiting for an outside saviour that will never come.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
This is a great post! You are absolutely right!

\----

"So, if no one intervenes to stop us from farming, enslaving and feeding off of the animals, then who's going to intervene and stop the Archons from farming, enslaving and feeding off of us? The answer is the same: nobody. 

We've been reincarnating on this planet for a long time and no one has ever intervened to liberate us from this place either. This is why it's important that people take matters into their own hands and realize that we are our own saviours.

This is the opposite of what religion programs people to believe and do, which is to put yourself on your knees, send your pray and worship energies to feed the demon that created this reality while at the same time keeping you waiting for an outside saviour that will never come."

\----

Very well said brother. You are one of the few persons who can see through the truth.

I have never reincarnated myself but I have visited 15 hypnotic planets as a visitor and now I'm visiting Earth as the 16th hypnotic planet. I've NEVER seen any hypnotic planet saved by outside saviors. There are very few hypnotic planets that have liberated themselves and by themselves only.

Religion programs are SPECIFICALLY designed by the hypnotic planet operators to hypnotize humans. This program team is under a department by the name of "Collective Consciousness Hypnosis" and their mission is to mislead humans to search for saviors from outside.

Only hypnotic planets have religions!!!

The only way to liberate yourself is to look inward to your soul. Only your soul can awaken itself and save itself.

No body else.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1i1y8s2/when_people_ask_why_dont_the_good_guys_save_us/m7f8l5b/?context=3
