Astral Coercion and Mind Wipe Attempts When Waking Up
2025-01-17 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

As the title reads, I’ve been having entity confrontations the immediate second I wake up for multiple days now. It’s been like this for at least a week or so now. 

What’s been happening as of late is that suddenly I’ll start feeling really abnormally tired like to the point where my eyes feel heavy, the reason why this is so strange is because of how sudden this sleepiness occurs, at times I’ve even had rare visions of entities inducing this feeling onto me. When I finally get to bed and rest, I have been having some of the most vivid dreams in succession. They’re nothing of substantial value most times and talk about certain things in my life that aren’t exactly important or noteworthy but the fact that any of this is happening is definitely a red flag of some sort. Especially in tonight’s dream I had where in the dream someone from my personal life said to someone, “She shouldn’t do this, they’re not going to to remember any of this” for context the dream was about me being back in school but one of my old teachers were forcing us to stay inside the school until we fully learned the lesson and it took hours and eventually my parents had to call me out since it was starting to get extremely late. 

While this dream appears to have a mundane explanation behind it, that’s not what I feel at all. Unlike the other dreams I’ve been having lately, I feel like this one was meant to be a symbolic representation of the soul trap, especially with this “school” forcing people to stay inside of it until “all the lesson is learned” while all the students were agitated, being held hostage essentially, and forced to stay against their will while their parents were trying to get them out. Especially at the end of it all where that person said that we won’t remember any of this, signifying the prison planet’s whole point in that there are no lessons learned and that we all forget in accordance to our next memory wiped life time. 

Speaking of that, when I finally wake up from all this, I suddenly start to have these barrage visions of entities attempting to coerce me into soul contracts, agreements, and when I see “myself” in these visions I don’t act like myself at all and act like a child who’s excited to do all of this and I forcefully have to end these entire confrontations and promptly write down all of my dreams as fast as I can because if I don’t, I immediately begin to forget them like they never happened. The reason why I put “Myself” in quotations there is because that thing in these visions is not me. As seen with my own intuition and visions, I never agreed to reincarnate or even be here in the first place and I would never act that way about all of this.

However, you do notice this “child like” behavior with these so called “higher selves” seen in many OBE cases where they appear to never care about the victim’s suffering and only parrot new age rhetoric about lessons and how life is so fun all the while ignoring or downplaying all the tragic events in one’s life. These entities aren’t us, they are reptilians as seen in multiple experiences where I and many others have unmarked these “higher selves” only to reveal that they are of reptilian descent. 

Why would they do this though? Simple, to gaslight you into thinking you made these choices and that YOU are responsible for your own suffering. The reason why they act like they do (child-like and outright arrogant) is because it’s all an act to fool you into thinking it’s all just whimsy and fun when it isn’t and all of this is out of your control. These entities are parasitic attachments that pretend to be beings of light in order to trick and force you into reincarnation either here or elsewhere. These “higher selves” are merely another piece of the ego prison of our lives since they are also the ones that tell us what to do in accordance to their own agendas like going to a certain place or what have you and this is also seen in alien abductions where the aliens control the person with their telepathy in order to command and direct them to do certain tasks. 

Anyways, the point is that this has been going on for an abnormally long time now and it does have physical effects on me and no it’s not just being normal tired, this tired feeling I have is way more heavier and sudden then if I felt naturally tired and even so I’m not the type of person to get easily tired so all of this is extremely noteworthy for all the wrong reasons and like I said in my “Astral Confrontations With Yahweh” post, these entities have been ramping up their mind wipe attempts a lot more than usual lately. Something is indeed very wrong here and I just wanted to say this to everyone to see what you all think of this because this is something that has been happening non stop. 

Edit: To add onto this, I have also heard very clear voices when I wake up say things like “We’ll make you reincarnate”, “You can’t escape from here”, “You’re not as powerful as you think you are” and other attempts to sow doubt and fear into me that don’t work but I felt like adding this in really exemplifies that this is not normal in the slightest.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Good post

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1i3d6xy/astral_coercion_and_mind_wipe_attempts_when/m7m6zsi/?context=3
