Message from Isis
2025-01-29 · r/starseeds · by HoldNo3889

Isis has asked me to post this message: 

Act with kindness toward all living things. This is very important during this time. 

Ground yourself daily.

Do not live from fear and avoid absorbing the fear of others. You may need to stay off of social media and avoid the "news" to limit exposure to fear based stories. 

Isis says, *"What is about to happen cannot be stopped."*

2025 is pivotal. Earth will receive a massive influx of energy from Isis (and other sources). This will jumpstart Earth's healing and humanity's healing. This is why grounding is essential. All living things will receive this energy if they are grounding. 

Earth will also be experiencing physical changes through major earthquakes, tsunamis, fires. 

If this message resonates, it's for you. If it does not, please ignore it.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
May I ask who is Isis?

    HoldNo3889:
    I'm not sure if this is the answer you're looking for, but it's the one I've been directed to share.
    
    She's commonly known as an Egyptian goddess. Theosophy/New Age spirituality calls her an Ascended Master.
    
    This is how she described herself to me.
    
    She said, "I am the feminine divine. The river eternal. I am the water in which humanity plays. And no matter what it chooses, I flow. Always."
    
    The feeling I got from her was that she's energetically the stuff from which material reality arises. We are part of her, coming in and out of form to experience a physical existence.
    
    She deeply loves humanity. And, at the same time, she views reality from a much broader perspective than we do. (I think of it as she's water and we're raindrops.) There are times when her tone/message feels rather impersonal.
    
    So, when she speaks of things that I, as a human being, view as calamitous, she holds a different perspective. One in which world cycles end and their endings may include wide scale destruction.
    
    From her perspective she knows that energy must move. And form changes as a result. She doesn't cling to form. She's not attached to it the way we often are as humans.
    
    She stresses the need for humanity to remember what it's made of--energy--and let go of attachments. That doesn't mean give away your things or breakup your marriage necessarily. It means let go of the emotional/mental attachments you have to the past, your resentments, your expectations, your habits, etc.
    
    Attachments keep you stuck. And that's not how true reality works. Energy moves.

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        Yes, this is the answer I’m looking for.
        Thank you.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/starseeds/comments/1iavafj/message_from_isis/m9tnjuw/?context=3
