“Love” is a Drug That is Constantly Used Against Us
2025-02-05 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

Love is often depicted as a force of pure good and righteousness, something that cannot be defeated and can overshadow hatred and anger. It’s even stated in many religions to be divinity itself… But this isn’t exactly true. What if I told you that the very thing used for good was actually a misunderstanding of compassion, understanding and empathy and secretly a tool for evil and suffering? 

I assume all of us by now who are in the depths of all this know by now that this reality is a prison controlled by evil entities that harvest our loosh energy and brainwash us into reincarnation. But that’s where the first clue comes in, these beings in the false astral afterlife use love-bombing and hypnotizing “love and light” energy to brainwash people into reincarnation and religious propaganda while also drugging them with said hypnotic “love” energy so that it’s easier to insert suggestions into the victim’s mind. 


https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/s/6LedTLGTXA 

“It began with me being spit out of some sort of organic gel or something onto a long conveyor belt or roller coaster extending upwards towards a far away light. At this point, my memories of myself, the world, human existence, and even the known universe had been completely wiped. Everything I used to know about anything was completely gone. On this roller coaster/conveyor belt there were entities for as far as i could see, being carried two by two up towards the light. All the entities, including me at first, were laughing the most joyous laugh i have ever heard or felt. The first thought that popped in my head was "oh yeeaaa, I remember this ride!". It was like I was having a strong feeling of dejavu or even like I had always been there but just forgot where I was momentarily. But then things changed. Suddenly the laughing foggy feeling wore off. I started to be more aware of this place I was in and I realized that I wasn't supposed to be on this ride. I didn't know how or why but I knew that me being there was wrong. I had a strong feeling like I cheated to get there and if I went all the way to the light something very bad would happen. I knew that waiting for me at the light was my new reality, I would be stuck there for eternity if I went. But this ride I was on was also my reality. I couldn't remember anything else existing except this place. I felt like I had just woken up from a dream to find myself in this real existence. I didn't know how or where to escape. It was the most terrified I have ever felt by far and it still feels like that place is more real than the world I live in now. I started to squirm and panic. The other entities noticed and stopped laughing. They looked at me very confused like it was so unusual for someone to be there and not be happy.

I curled my body backwards in an attempt to pass through the intangible "conveyor belt" and break free from its pull. As I did this, two other entities appeared there. They were different than the other entities and they were looking down at me from outside of the conveyor belt. I could tell they knew more about this place and it seemed like it was their job to oversee the whole "traveling towards the light" process. Every time I curled backwards, the overseers would effortlessly uncurl me back to a straight laying position. While they did this they spoke to me in a language I have never heard before, but I somehow understood them like they were communicating to me telepathically. They told me things like "just relax", "hang in there till you get to the light", and "everything will be okay soon". But I was still terrified and knew in my core that this was all wrong”.  

As seen in many cases, this “love” feeling that people get while in these Out of Body Experiences is actually a hypnotic feeling induced to sedate people into submissive obedience, similar to laughing gas in a dentist appointment or a spiked drink at a club. This same drugged sensation is also seen in alien abductions where the aliens use this energy to sedate the witnesses into feeling “pure love” which makes them suggestible to their influence and agendas: https://www.reddit.com/r/ReincarnationTruth/s/S3EJYJn9C9 

“He also explained that his species was working in one of the creation's plans, which watches over the continuity of the evolution of the worlds and of the races that inhabit them. While the tall being was explaining all this to Myriam she saw him suddenly light up, become transfigure, and a beautiful aura of light enveloped him, and simultaneously she felt a powerful sensation of love and goodness emanating from him. He also said that there are other beings resembling themselves, who are doing things with the government's”. 

So, we already know about the fake love used by these beings to gaslight, manipulate, victim blame, and generally abuse humans so that they can extract energy from us like good little cattle and keep making us go round and round within the Earth matrix. But what about other forms of love? The love you feel for others? The love you feel for certain things? Isn’t that good? It can be used for good but at the same time, it is also a deadly weapon of psychological warfare. 

Many people will spend their lives yearning for their saviors (soulmates) to find them but they never come for them and even if they try to get into relationships with others, they always fall flat in a vein attempt to feel that love that was promised to them. I have personally seen many people that were my friends in the past become like drug addicts and constantly searching for their “one and only” but constantly getting hurt in return. Logic won’t help these people no matter how hard one tries, the drug sensation of love is too strong for people like them that need love to survive and feel happy. 

Without love, they constantly would talk about this self-hatred and say they can never find anyone to love them but at the same time yearn for it more than anything. I’ve seen these people that I used to call my friends years ago become stuck in their own cycles of suffering constantly going after that next hit of “love” and admiration because they need it. Like heroin addicts going dry for a little while and scrambling to find that next dose to “be happy”. 

You even see this behavior in non-romantic communities, like those just looking for friends for instance. People literally need this deformed sense of “love” to even be happy in the first place. For something so “divine”, it not only causes people to lose their minds and lose sight of the bigger picture but also creates mass amounts of suffering within the individual and the people around them. 

This “love” is also seen in religions across the world as well. Most religions teach you that you can’t be without the gods these people worship. These gods hurt these people mentally, spiritually, emotionally and sometimes even physically if they do things like rituals or divination and always it’s the same “They’re divine, it’s different. They love me, they’re just teaching me”. These individuals willfully accept being treated like shit because of their love for these beings that blind them to the truth. Even in religious scriptures it’s the same story, in multiple verses of these different religious scriptures they tell their worshipers that only by loving them and them alone they can attain salvation or anything the hearts desire but at the same time, these gods teach and do absolutely horrific acts under the guise of “love”. 

Like how Lord Kalki in the Kalki Purana kills all the “heretics” to the Dharma of the Vedas such as Buddhists, Jains, etc while saving all the believing Hindus who worshiped the Hindu gods correctly or Jesus in the Book of Revelations who kills everyone who didn’t worship him during his second coming even though he says to “love thy neighbor”. These hollow words fall on the ears of the blind who only think this false bastard child (“love”) is the true meaning of life itself when this couldn’t be further from the truth. 

Some religious people who deconverted and became atheists have also been seen wishing that a loving creator existed so that some form of justice can be served to wicked people across history. These people like everyone else, yearn for someone to love and accept them and without some form of higher power to watch over them they turn to material escapes and finding partners to fill that void within their souls. 

Another thing to add onto the religious angle of this, billions of people pray everyday for their gods to help them or save them in someway but they never come and far too often these people, like those in neglectful relationships, wonder if it was their fault or even that it was their fault these things happened to them and they keep loving these false gods because in their eyes, these deities know better than them and basically can take advantage of them without question. That love they have is not reciprocated and is based on their own euphoric high of those small bits of love sprinkled onto them to make them keep following these Archonic entities. 

Humans have been programmed to want love within a realm that was purposely made to have the most apathetic and ambivalent characteristics you’d experience. Because of this programming, it makes things easier both at death and in paranormal events since these beings can love bomb their victims and give them that drug that we all so desire. They want us to become addicted to this false “love” so that we can be submissive and constantly looking outward for answers and acceptance instead of within. 

This “love” program also extends to much more heinous actions such as religious individuals killing innocent people for being heretics/infidels or generally not aligning with their God’s “divine laws”. Look at certain Middle Eastern countries where they’ll execute you if you are found out to be LGBT+ for instance or in multiple Christian murder cases where they murder their family members or loved ones because “God told them to do it” or because they violated Yahweh/Jesus’s sacred commands in some way. These people loved their gods so much that it blinded their eyes and caused them to commit some of the worst acts in human history because that love drug caused them to think they were in good standing with deities. It’s an abusive relationship where the other grovels for attention and yearns for love while the other love bombs them and manipulated them. 

Speaking of abusive relationships people will stay with their abusers and try to make excuses for them because of that love these people give their victims. They’ll constantly try to make the best out of a bad situation because of that intense euphoria these people feel from that fake love. Not all victims of abusive relationships stay because of that obviously but that is one of the major factors in why certain people stay in those types of relationships. That love, that dopamine rush, that high. 

We humans were created from conception to yearn and beg for love and acceptance. Ever since we were all born, we wanted love to guide us and many people don’t get that from life. This impermanent and Archonic version of love is naturally embedded within existence itself as a distraction from enlightenment. What better way to distract someone than to make them addicts for something so powerful and hypnotic? 

Love in the way these beings want us to view it, is a psycho-active drug within our minds that disperses its effects when needed in order to stop us from thinking logically and consistently which opens us up to negative influences. These negative influences are seen everywhere: Politics, Religion, Music, Movies, Sports, Social Media, etc. all to brainwash you into doing what those in power want from you. Why else do you think that certain political representatives right now are still loved and respected even though they have committed heinous crimes against humanity? It’s because of that drug inside of their minds that stops them from thinking logically and instead views these people as saviors or even divine beings only out for good. 

Love is not a tool of justice nor a solution to many world problems such as genocides or poverty, simply saying “love solves all” isn’t enough to answer the more pressing issues that involve real effort being pulled into them such as cures for diseases or the ending of hunger in third world countries. Love is a false god, a hypnotic trickster god who sends people to the furthest depths of hell under the guise of love and acceptance and its victims are none the wiser as they want the illusion to keep going because the drug is so strong that it overpowers all critical thinking centers in the mind and despite the effects on their bodies slowly withering away, they don’t care as long as they get the next hit and are told that everything’s okay. 

This false love is what makes the world go around and keeps people ignorant to important truths. It keeps people glued to Samsara via how easily it can manipulate the mind with its seductive lies. Love even its benevolent forms is still only an illusion of what the real thing is like outside of Samsara. True Love is outside of Samsara and is unconditional and truly boundless, it always understands you because you are it and it is you. Love in Samsara is all about what satisfies the ego of the mind and is thus conditional, something that can be easily taken advantage of and used for negative agendas. 

Love has and always will be used as the greatest go to weapon of psychological manipulation both when we’re alive and dead, when you get someone hooked on drugs, they want more and more no matter what happens to their bodies, they want to experience those highs forever if possible and will do anything to have that drug in them again. True love is about compassion and understanding, not about transaction to make one feel better for a little bit. 

Instead of “love” what we really should be saying instead is compassion, empathy and understanding since those are all about the comprehension and knowledge of a situation and treating people with respect and equality. Saying “Love” now for me in a grander sense feels wrong and downright nasty due to these creatures warping love and turning it into a weapon of mass deception, control, and destruction. Love in this realm is secretly a hatred of being alone and ‘unwanted’, it feeds off of the insecurity of people like a parasite and plunges people further into suffering and desire which only causes them to be tricked easier when they die and are met with the beings that operate the soul trap. 

While love can be used for good, it is also used for not only evil under the guise of good but also to brainwash people into accepting awful things because of how powerful it is within these people’s minds.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
“Love” is a game, created before this physical universe.

If someone has no “Love” game program installed in body or soul, falling-in-love won’t happen.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1ii2pka/love_is_a_drug_that_is_constantly_used_against_us/mb28w7f/?context=3
