My Pre-Birth Memory Report: I Was Dragged Into a Portal of Light by Reptilians
2025-03-24 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

I recovered this memory a while back but I haven’t shared it until now. I will give a slight warning before you all read further though as this is a distressing and disturbing case of forced reincarnation and could trigger traumatic experiences due to other people that have experienced similar things in past lives and pre-birth states. 

I was once a woman in 1980s Japan who had severe depression due to awful experiences that occurred to me in that life like child abuse or emotional abuse. I had black, flowing hair and fair skin, I get the feeling that I was around the 5’8-6’0 ratio in height, taller than other women around me which probably contributed to some of the bad experiences from that life. 

Eventually I couldn’t take it anymore and I went on top of a tall building and I jumped off it hoping that I would never have to endure the torture of that life ever again, what lends credibility to this event is that in Japan the two most popular ways to commit suicide are by hanging or jumping off of a tall building. However this wouldn’t be the end as I can vividly remember what happened next. Here is where things get extremely disturbing and hard to talk about because of how emotional I get due to how traumatic it was. 

I remember being in this weirdly colored area that was predominantly crimson red, I was fully clothed but I was being forcefully grabbed and pulled by these two castleton green (#00563B) skinned reptilians. They were taller than me and more muscular built, they had snouts and I remember they had yellowish red eyes with a slit for the iris. The environment around me had stalagmites which says to me that this was underground and in Hell NDEs these things appear which shows that these astral points if you will are just locations deep within the earth to scare people into submission basically. 

I struggled against them and said “Let me go” and this portal of light and at this point I was hysterical and crying, begging them to not make me go through the light. I said “No, No please stop. I’ll be better” showing that I was so scared that I begged to them that I would be better and not kill myself again but it was no use and one of them shoved me in the light and all I remember was hearing myself scream NO in a terrified voice before it cut to a first person angle of a mother giving birth to a child. It didn’t feel me like me though, the body I’m in now. I feel like I was the mother in that instance and that’s really all I remember. 

Even talking about this makes me upset, start to have shortness of breath/small panic attack, and I actually do start to slowly build up tears the more I think about the experience because it is just that powerful and evil. To force a suicidal person into reincarnating against their will after they had just suffered a horrible life filled with abuse and trauma. Just talking about this makes me physically nauseous and my heart starts to beat faster because of how traumatizing of an experience it was. 

As I have shown in previous posts, these entities hate people who commit suicide, there are a handful of NDEs and OBEs where entities threaten to hurt people if they “don’t fulfill their mission” or “act right”. They use fear and intimidation to literally force people to stay alive and bow down to them and for those who do fully go through it, they are punished immediately without remorse and compassion and are thrown back into another body without their consent. 

You’ll see this type of story play out all the time in OBEs, NDEs, etc where sometimes people who encounter other entities who have committed suicide will say that “they failed their job and have to go back” whether it be because of soul contracts, threats and intimidation, or what have you the result is the same. 

We all need to be spiritually aware and know that we are all powerful against these actual evil and destructive forces who have no compassion for anyone but themselves. All they see of us is a number to be recycled and fed on for our energy.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
1> "I was fully clothed but I was being forcefully grabbed and pulled"

\- This indicates that you had the Illusion of Body, which is the key to tricking your soul into reincarnation & embodiment

2> "...this was underground and in Hell"

\- This indicates that you were inside one of the underground hypnotic facilities. Most hypnotic facilities for earthlings are located within Earth, Moon, Mars, and some surrounding planets.

3> "...entities threaten to hurt people if they “don’t fulfill their mission” or “act right”..."

\- These are typical hypnotic lies made up by those hypnotist entities (employees of the hypnotic reincarnation game company).

\- The key to be reincarnated or not, is the Illusion of Body, which acts as a prison cell for the soul.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1jilotj/my_prebirth_memory_report_i_was_dragged_into_a/mjg4wt3/?context=3
