Death: What do omniscient masters see? (Read in description)
2025-03-26 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by Gretev1

DEATH - WHAT DO OMNISCIENT MASTERS SEE

„Jesus said, when you reach the Kingdom of God, you go no more out - ie when you attain enlightenment, you do not reincarnate.  

The Kingdom of God is beyond the highest heavens.  Heaven, hell, earth belong to the world of duality.  Enlightenment is beyond that.

The only way out, is in.  We keep on reincarnating until we attain liberation. 
Death changes nothing. You are the same after death as before death.  Your aura contains karmic information and it is this which stays with you after the body dies.  
You go to a place compatible with your energies and with the last thought at the moment of death, which reflects the sum of your energies during life.  If you think of God at the moment of death, you go to God, attain enlightenment.

If you go to one of the higher astral planets, you may have certain freedoms to visit loved ones if they go to the lower astral planets, whereas those in the lower astral planets will not have such freedom to visit the higher planets. Heaven has strict immigration policies. Hell has open borders.

In the higher astral planets we meet up with loved ones and pets and there are opportunities to learn and grow and have families etc.  In the hellish planets, there is great fear, violence, anger, hatred etc.
If you die in a distressed/negative/toxic state, you will go to one of the lower astral worlds, ie hellish realms, which are full of fear and violence.  

If you remember God at the last moment, you will attain enlightenment and go to God.

The Tibetan Book of the Dead discusses the different levels of death, astral realm and rebirth. Also Yogananda's book, Autobiography of a Yogi, has a chapter devoted to the afterlife. He is a divine Incarnation and His Guru also is a divine Incarnation. 

His Guru promised to resurrect His body after death and come back and reveal to Yogananda what life was like on the other side.

Hindus and Buddhists say there are 6 realms we may visit after death, depending on our karma.  Hells, human, animal, ghost, god, demi-god.

Spirituality is all about preparing for a high level death, which will lead to a high level birth and temporary stay in a high level astral world. We need very very good karma to be willing and able to do this work. To even know how to do this work. Ideally, we should die before we die, ie the deathless Death - the death of the ego.

We reincarnate until all desires have been fulfilled/ended.  When the mind ends, the world ends.  We no longer create a body or a world.  The world, which is inside of us, no longer arises.  We no longer reincarnate.“

~ Joya

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Heaven has open borders.

Hell has strict immigration policies.

What are strict immigration policies and borders?

The Electro-Grid and the Sky-Grid, for instance.

The Electro-Grid is the Capture-Grid for a soul trying to escape a prison planet.

The Sky-Grid is the Regulation-Grid for a soul trying to cross dimensions.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1jk7xrk/death_what_do_omniscient_masters_see_read_in/mjt4tyy/?context=3
