Does Anyone Else Feel This Horrendous Vibe When Looking At NDE Accounts?
2025-04-16 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

This is actually the reason why it’s hard for me to even read/watch NDEs, I always have gotten this very unique and sinister aura when watching or reading these accounts. Even going as far back to when I wasn’t accustomed to the total exposing of this prison reality and how to escape it all, I always felt this weird yet also hideous and vile energy when looking into these accounts. I could never pin down what exactly was wrong with these accounts but I always knew something was “off” in a sense, like there was something far more darker and oppressive going on and that these people are being mind controlled into acting strangely. 

Turns out I would be right in all this when I fully learned about the reincarnation soul trap and connected the dots and had my own experiences confirming all this. But the feeling still remains, but now I know why I always felt like that. It was because I intuitively saw past the lies, none of this was loving or caring, it was oppressive and forceful, masking itself as trusted figures to lure us into the mind-wiping tunnel of reincarnation or a waiting facility (astral city) for our time to reincarnate all the while being brainwashed by Archonic propaganda. 

I also recognized the energy of the people talking about their NDEs, Pre-Birth Memories, OBEs, etc as well. They always talk in a very certain manner that I picked up on and they act in very creepy and child like ways that I have previously talked about before. These people don’t feel ‘normal’ I guess you can say when discussing these things, most of them have wide smiles and for those who don’t smile, they talk about themselves as lesser and inferior when comparing themselves to whoever appeared to them in these experiences (Jesus, “God”, Angels, etc.) to such an extent where it borderline becomes something like “I’m proud to be this god‘s footstool/pet”, they all talk in very similar ways when describing their experiences, and I just feel this very negative energy when I hear these people discuss their experiences like something is very wrong and that’s why I say these people are lobotomized. 

Since that’s how they act, they act in strange child-like manners, they believe in new age/religious dogma really easily, they look at the world through rose colored glasses, and just don’t feel normal to me. Sometimes it even feels like there’s something really evil hiding behind these people’s smiles, like they’re being controlled by something. 

I also get an especially horrible feeling from a lot of NDE centered channels since most center on religious or new age propaganda, even looking at the thumbnails are enough to start to give me a very specific vibe. A very evil and sinister feeling like these channels are being controlled by the very same entities that control the reincarnation soul trap which they absolutely are since what better way to brainwash people than to send out these prophets who have NDEs and record them for the whole world to see? I mean, even scrolling down on all of these types of videos you’ll see people posting Bible verses and saying how “God is good” and everything which shows that the propaganda has reached it’s core audience. 

But this is all my personal experience with feeling this really evil yet masked energy surrounding all this, has anyone else experienced something similar to what I experience when looking at or reading NDEs?

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
I oberserved them for decades. They are hypnotized sleepwalkers during NDE (99% of humans are) - what do you expect from them?

    Kaufmaster:
    Unrelated question: since you weren't hypnotized: Do you know the true shape of the earth/solar system? Is it how they tell us with space etc. Or is it something else?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        It's something else.

            Kaufmaster:
            What is it?

                Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                What you are asking?

                    Kaufmaster:
                    Just what is the earth exactly? A plane? A planet? A crater? The shape of it & what are they lying about mainly. Esp since they're hiding a lot about antarctica

                        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                        Earth was never a naturally formed planet.
                        
                        It is an artificially engineered planet, created as a playground - a game environment. It’s all controlled by game developers in the background.
                        
                        Solar system contains thousands of such planets, but humans are only allowed to see less than ten of them.

                            Unique_Situation_508:
                            noticed you never really answered the dude's question of WHAT IS IT EXACTLY and then they give you some things to choose and you go off on some tangent about it NOT being a planet...yes we are AWARE it is NOT a planet. Dude was asking EXACTLY WHAT we are ON???

                                Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                                It is a planet.  
                                I was just giving more insides.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1jw4g91/does_anyone_else_feel_this_horrendous_vibe_when/mndv1er/?context=3
