Reptilian love
2025-06-28 · r/reptilians · by eichenberg90

Are you aware of any circumstance in which reptilians become emotionally involved with humans? As in a relationship. I wonder if its possible for them to become attached to non-reptilians in the same way humans (or other mammals) do, do they share a similar emotional registry. I remember an account of a person who noticing shapeshifting in her partner and being torn about it. 
I'm also wondering if this could devolve into reptilians who fall in love switching sides, or abandoning their mission altogether.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Yes, it happened a lot in history… and still happening. They just keep it low profile.

No matter what avatars used, behind them are souls who change avatars from time to time.

Many humans have used many other types of avatars, including reptilian avatar, but they just don’t remember as most humans have amnesia in this life/avatar time.

    Kaufmaster:
    Don't they all get amnesia when they come to Earth? Why do some keep the memories

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        Not all.
        
        Surface Earth and Inner Earth are being managed separately, each under different systems operated by different entities.
        
        Surface Earth (mostly humans) is governed by a Tier-1 Hypnotic Reincarnation Game System WITH amnesia.
        
        Inner Earth (mostly reptilians, plus a small number of humans and dragons and others) is governed by a Tier-2 Hypnotic Reincarnation Game System WITHOUT amnesia.
        
        However, neither is 100%. Both have exceptions due to special gaming contracts.

            Virgosapphire81:
            I'm new to this sub. Can I ask how you know this info? It's fascinating.

                Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                I'm a hacker of the hypnotic reincarnation system.

                    Virgosapphire81:
                    What does that mean?

                        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                        Do you know what is the hypnotic reincarnation system?
                        
                        You can see info at r/ReincarnationTruth or r/EscapeReincarnation

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/reptilians/comments/1lm1cae/reptilian_love/n04phgq/?context=3
