We have to stop with this Primal mindset. “ALL” reptilians are not evil
2025-09-03 · r/reptilians · by qdavis22

1st things first, Reptilians 100% exist and I’m not here for beliefs or to convince people they exist. I’m pretty sure nobody or most in this sub has seen a blue whale in person but we only acknowledge its existence because other humans say they exist and “agree” the pictures of them are real. So we accept they are real, even though none of us has physically seen “evidence” of their existence or actually seen one person. 

We have to stop with this primal thinking because just like us, not all reptilians are evil and there are multiple sub species of reptilians with some being more overall hostile than others. One group of them are actually from earth and they evolved from dinosaurs, I want to say T-Rex specifically but I’m not sure about this one. There was also a hostile reptilian race from a different universe and the ones from here get blamed for the other ones actions. 

If you asked my grandparents generation and every generation prior to them, they would say all white people are evil and ￼have no soul and large majority of black people during those times truly believed that for obvious reasons. Is that true? Of course not. 

No species in all of existence is objectively ALL evil. I am a person who looks at the consistency of information and I am also a follower of Dr.Malachi York and please keep your comments to yourself if have something negative to say about him. I know who he is and I hear his word. Everything he has taught since the 60s has been revealed. Even the Lacerta information was already spoken LONG before. Hearing it again is just more reinforcement to know you’re not crazy. Peace to all of you

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Reptilians are native earth inhabitants. They used to live on Surface-Earth with humans peacefully and then relocated to Inner-Earth with a small portion of humans around 20k-30k years ago. The large portion of humans remained in Surface-Earth since then. If reptilians are all evil, they would not allow humans to live on Surface-Earth.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/reptilians/comments/1n7424l/we_have_to_stop_with_this_primal_mindset_all/nc6uv6c/?context=3
