Something I Just Realized About “Soul School” Theory
2025-09-05 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

You know how New Agers and Religious people will say that we need to keep reincarnating to “learn lessons” and “experiencing life” because all of this is like a learning institution? Well, something I just realized right now is that if this were a ‘school’, it would allow you to have the option to drop out or learn in a different way like homeschooling. 

There are many people in this world who haven’t gotten a full education for various reasons like the place they live in not having good enough education resources, their home lives/family needing them much more because of how impoverished they are, they just couldn’t take school anymore due to factors like bullying, mental disorders, or just feeling like school didn’t offer them a good enough learning experience, etc that all can lead to normal and healthy lives. 

It’s like what I said in a a past post, school just isn’t for everyone and sometimes people just can’t do it for varying reasons and they’re able to live normal lives an learn how to do things outside of school. Do certain jobs need diplomas and proof of a successful education, yes but in this modern era it’s a lot more easier to get certain jobs that pay well through online means that you also can enjoy. 

As seen in pre-birth memories and NDEs and OBEs, you’re literally not allowed to leave until you “learn your lessons” or never allowed to because “God needs to keep experiencing itself”, that is not a free choice that we are able to make, that is a hostage situation where ill equipped people are forced to undergo grueling work only to be told that they’re failures and need to repeat the grade over and over again because they didn’t get one answer correct and their memories are continuously wiped so they can’t even know what they did wrong in the first place. 

It’s a deliberately deceptive system that only means to shame souls in order to feel bad enough to keep reincarnating and worshiping their ‘teachers’ (deities, ascended masters, etc). Speaking of these ‘teachers’ just like in regular school they don’t do anything to stop bullying and harassment from other students and when the student tells on the other kids they only get light slaps on the wrist and when the bullied kids fight back, then they’re the ones who get in trouble but this time it’s because “you created bad karma”. 

It’s a lose-lose system where people who aren’t fit to be in this environment are forced to be here when as shown in various OBEs and Pre-Birth Memories, we can instantly do anything we want and also have access to all sorts of knowledge without needing to incarnate anywhere so the whole point of reincarnation in these people’s eyes becomes null and void since we’re all infinite consciousness beings. 

If incarnation was a “learning experience” then the system in place should in theory have a way for any ‘students’ to drop out completely without judgement and not to force them to go somewhere that isn’t fit for them at all.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Good post. That's why it is a "theory" - an empty talk (a bait) to trick you into a prison, not a school.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1n88ooz/something_i_just_realized_about_soul_school_theory/ncdv9pf/?context=3
