If "one of us escapes", is this all that's needed to "dissolve" the matrix?
2025-10-08 · r/EscapingPrisonPlanet · by Mainmanmo

I have a few thoughts and questions, would love your input. 

If consciousness at it's core is fundamentally "one", and individuality is merely an illusion in an absolute sense, then does that technically mean only one of us have to escape in order to dissolve the matrix? Maybe the answer is paradoxical, because the very thing that facilitates all is inherently paradoxical through a dualistic lens, meaning it cannot be grasped by the conditions facilitated by it. This is a bit of a headfuck to get around but here me out as I try to conceptualise: 

All of these entities, require the intention of your conscious attention for the sake of their sustenance. Without you allocating your attention to the information within your peripheral, anything that exists will dissolve, because there is no energy/emotion (energy in motion) to animate it. This must mean, if "one of us" manage to reside and lock into a non-dualistic state, no matter what information/experience is thrown at us, this must mean the very thing that's left, will know what aspect of itself is still investing energy into the distorted concepts, thus once it (consciousness or whatever) completely retracts, then so will all of the other aspects of itself (sparks/souls) that has invested emotion into the matrix.

I feel like this might make some sense, or i might be off the walls batshit crazy, but hey just wanted to share this incase it sparked any thoughts/ideas.   
This thinking is based off of my understanding, could be completely wrong.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
No. I escaped, and the matrix is still here.

The largest collective-escape in human history was by Shakyamuni - he successfully trained 10 students to have escaped together with him. However, the matrix is still here.

Now I come back to find out that at least 10 escapees (ideally 30 escapees) are needed to form a “team”and “stay” here to crack the matrix with collective efforts.

This is because: to stabilize the matrix, at least 30 archons are needed. At present, there are 35 archons managing the matrix.

Therefore, a 30-escapee team is ideal, (35 is perfect), and each escapee member should have an SoC level 14 above, to match the 35 archons.

In reality, no escapee-team has ever formed in human history. Each and every escapee has never come back again.

On the other hand, to avoid the escapee-comeback, the hypnotic reincarnation system has a strict game rule: “never sign another reincarnation game contract with an escapee.”

This makes forming an escapee-team extremely uneasy. Truly a smart game rule of the hypnotic reincarnation system.

    Kaufmaster:
    Just a question, is this one of the "worse" realms, as in one of the games with the most suffering?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        Yes it is.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/comments/1o0hge9/if_one_of_us_escapes_is_this_all_thats_needed_to/niel2m1/?context=3
