I Want to Stop Astral Projecting
2025-11-05 · r/AstralProjection · by Upbeat-Economist-414

This is a throw away account but I’ve been able to astral project for the last few years.

I just recently realized my crazy dreams which showed me tidbits of future events and alternate outcomes was really just me astral projecting.

Im just now getting to understand and learn about the whole concept, but its been terrorizing me for years and I want it to stop.

It all started when I prayed to God at 18 years old that I wanted to talk to my dad again (he had died when I was a teenager). After that I just kept getting attacked by entities in my sleep, I thought I was haunted. My whole family and I have been able to sense spirits in the physical world, but it never messed with my sleep like that.

This is all entirely involuntary. I saw my mom die before she died, as well as a friend of mine. How could I have known these things? Like I knew the exact set up of the funeral home and everything with my mom.

My experience is that an entity shows me future events. I’m not sure if it’s always the same one, but it seems to be so. I’m not sure if this is common, but it’s so scary. I normally only remember what happens after something occurs, so I feel like I’m just on edge for no reason. 

I have a hard time making out whether this entity is dark or just wants to help me. Maybe it’s feeding off of my fear because it only ever shows me bad events. I’ve argued with it, cried to it, begged it to not let these bad events occur.

I genuinely feel like I’m losing my mind. I’ve woken up to an entity next to my bed countless times, other spirits explaining that it is following me and is a relative of mine. 

It’s shown me such horrible things that I don’t want to come to pass, I’m starting to remember more before the events and I’m so scared. Please someone help me to put an end to this suffering, any advice would help me tremendously

Thank you

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
No, it’s impossible to stop astral projection.

Astral projection is designed as a fundamental function of the soul-body complex. When the body sleeps, the soul goes out of body to refresh. This process is called “sleep”. This is the nature of astral projection.

If the soul cannot go out of body to refresh for too long - some days or or few weeks - then the soul-body complex would collapse. This means you would die.

In human terms, astral projection is sleep. You cannot stop sleep or you would die.

To solve the issue of bad AP experience, make a strong will to soul-travel to pleasant worlds but not to non-pleasant worlds. Simple.

Freewill is the key.

    Upbeat-Economist-414:
    I wish it were that simple, I will certainly keep trying though

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        Simple does not mean easy 😉
        
        It still takes more than 10 years or lifetime.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/AstralProjection/comments/1onhsbr/i_want_to_stop_astral_projecting/nn7mmdb/?context=3
