The Man of The House: The Most Subtle Implication That “God” Isn’t Higher Than Us
2025-12-09 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

https://search.nderf.org/experience/33166 

“The singing got louder and louder. The music went around me, through me, and became a part of me. It was incredibly beautiful. They were singing, "He's coming, he's coming, he's coming." I looked around, wondering who was coming. I could see all around me. I still did not know who was coming. I could see my sister and my son getting closer, about 20 feet away. I was still looking around to see who was coming. Then I was immersed in the most incredible feeling of love and peace that I have never felt before or since. I was at peace for the first time in my entire life, and I swooned. It was incredible! I felt a presence behind me; he was the one projecting the love. I immediately knew this was God, and I was so humbled and grateful”. 

https://search.nderf.org/experience/33063 

“Nearly 45 years ago, I met God. My son had died and I couldn’t cope. I didn’t die, but I was not asleep. I lay down in bed and left my body, quickly coming to a place of brilliant, warm, white light that did not hurt my eyes. I felt as if I had gone home. I belonged. I saw God. His love was unconditional. He was in the middle of this space, though it wasn’t really a room. He was giant-sized, wearing a white and blue robe. Without words, he told me he loved me and everything was as it should be. His face was blurred. He said I had more to do on Earth. I absolutely did not want to leave, but he sent me back anyway”. 

https://search.nderf.org/experience/33034 

“Then… a light appeared. It started as what looked like the most breathtaking sunset I’d ever seen. But as it got closer, I saw it wasn’t just a sunset - there was a silhouette of a man. A man made of light, love, peace, power, truth. But not just any man. It was God. 

I knew it instantly. He didn’t have to say His name. He was the name. His presence said everything. And then… He spoke. But not out loud. He didn’t need to. He spoke straight into me - into my spirit. 

“Love is a choice. I am Love. And that life back there… was about Me. And you didn’t choose Me. You missed the boat.” That moment wrecked me. I panicked. I wept. I repented with everything in me. I felt regret - deep, gut-wrenching, eternal regret. And even then… He was merciful. Then He said: “You’ve impacted enough of My people… So I’ll let you go back. But you must stay awake. If you don’t - the cards will lay where they lay.” And just before I left, He gave me one last truth: “You’ll never be able to be perfect.”

In multiple NDEs, OBEs, Hallucinogenic Experiences, and even Alien Abduction experiences, the concept of “God” is brought up to the victims to manipulate them and as we can see from these NDEs above, the programming is obvious as they brainwash the experiencers into feeling bliss and love (love-drug) and forcibly humanize them by saying how imperfect they are and how they need to come back to Earth to “do more here” while also painting this “God” as wholly perfect and loving in every way, which is easily debunkable in many aspects but that’s not really the point of this, and how “God” is all knowing and has a plan for us…

However, there is one small aspect of encounters like this that ever so subtly reveal that this “God” isn’t exactly above us and while this may seem inconsequential at first glance, the more you begin to think about it and rationalize it into a spiritual perspective, the more this breaks apart the charade of this deity being above everything. What is that thing though? Well it’s simple, why is “God” described in these experiences a man? Isn’t the concept of God supposed to mean beyond all things and thus including gender as well? 

One could argue that this is to help “humans” (divine sparks) rationalize God in terms of gender identity but this falls apart since we’re all divine spirits who would and can understand a being beyond human comprehension in an OBE state and in fact on many occasions people have been able to comprehend NHI in these states with ease since we’re not human, we’re just spirits inhabiting human bodies. Also, it wouldn’t make sense that an all knowing, all loving creator would do this since they would know that this would only cause problems for people on Earth as seen with religious communities that hold that just because God/The Gods is/are male then that means that women are inferior to men and in fact in many religious scriptures, extremely vile statements about women can be read from these texts like how it’s okay to own female slaves in the Old Testament for instance so wouldn’t it be theoretically better to not show yourself as any gender and instead communicate in a different way that you’d be able to do since you’re all powerful? 

But I think the better question here is why does an alleged “omnipotent” creator deity who is supposed to be above literally everything, have any ego-centric gender identity? As seen by our own spirits, we are inherently genderless in our true forms and so is the true God/Monad since gender identities are inherently false attachments to the ego since they are a part of the matrix programming that make us think we are our human identities when we aren’t. Another thing, in other NDEs and OBEs they state that God is genderless (these are also Archonic controlled experiences since they play the parts of different “Gods” found in these experiences via using astral AI or Holographic technology with the aid of the lovedrug) so then why in other experiences is God called a man when it is expected that a creator entity would be eldritch in terms of being beyond male or female? 

This all also ties in with the matrix programming of the new age concept of the Divine Masculine and Feminine. The Divine Masculine and Feminine attribute certain traits that all of us have into very specific boxes of ‘masculine’ and ‘feminine’ that only seek to imprison us in the fields of samsaric ego even more as like I’ve said before, we are all genderless in our true forms. The truth is there is no such thing as masculinity or femininity as these are merely matrix constructs to trap us into thinking in black and white when we are inherently beyond black and white and we are infinitely powerful and capable of anything. By attributing certain things as ‘masculine’ or ‘feminine’ it’s not only reductive towards individuals who don’t align 100% with those sides despite being male or female like for example a woman being an uplifting leader (masculine) or a man being gentle and sensitive (feminine) but also it gives people yet another Samsaric hoop to go through. 

You see, in certain contexts the idea of ‘needing to balance your masculine and feminine energies’ is present despite us all having these traits within us, revealing itself as yet another trap since in our true forms, we are inherently balanced and pure and we don’t need to fix ourselves with the help of outward Archonic alien forces to what is essentially spiritual stereotypes of what people think men and women should act like. The reason why this connects with this overall idea of how “God” being a man in these experiences indicates he is a false god is because he would be considered the “Divine Masculine” even though that doesn’t make sense as I’ve just described since “God” having any sort of identity like male or female would inherently imply that they aren’t above us since if we don’t have genders as true spirits from the Pleroma and they do, it shows an ego attachment which shows an imperfection on their part. 

When you really think about this and the other sorts of implications that it entails such as how women have been treated poorly throughout history thanks due in part to his mandated religions, it starts to become more of a problem that this deity has a gender of any kind since it simply doesn’t make logical sense that an omnipotent essentially eldritch being should have something like that since it should be above the concept of ‘identity’ itself since it’s supposed to be “God” but instead it just reveals itself to be something lesser and ego-filled than the true Monad who is above gender, identity, form, names, and anything else quantifiable.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
“God” has never been higher than anyone.

The concept of “God” was a joke 😂

It was made up purposely by the hypnotic reincarnation system, to confuse humans.

We are all “Gods” in that sense, no exception.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1pi2fh8/the_man_of_the_house_the_most_subtle_implication/nt30ihf/?context=3
