White Light After Death = High Voltage Zap Memory Wipes?
2025-12-12 · r/reptilians · by seanlarson2190

Hey guys,

I was remembering a recent YouTube interview I saw with a guy who was talking about disclosure of aliens and that there is very advanced technology that is way more powerful than lightning here on earth to mindwipe soul's memory of the recent time they had on earth and it happens exactly when they go into the white light. 

This guy was saying that the soul is drawn magnetically to the white light because it feels irresistible and full of "love" or something (similar to how moths or bugs are drawn to the light and get zapped).That zap in the case of souls is a memory erasure.

Then once you are in the afterlife fake matrix reality (it's some kind of city like in The movie "Defending Your Life"), there will be a council of elders reviewing your life that you just lived. They take certain parts of your life that are bad and show them to you to make you feel guilty and consent to reincarnate.

So it seems there is a memory erase before you get to the council of elders part of the scam.

The reason why I think this is the truth is that in the movie "Soul" by Pixar, they showed a little voltage zap sound as souls touch the white light. Go and watch it to see what I mean.

But I don't understand how memory wiping people doesn't conflict with free will. The person doesn't have their full memory of the deception as a result of this and will be easily tricked again. 

It's like convincing a person with amnesia that they did XYZ crime and that's why they've been sentenced to prison. Makes no sense.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
The trick of not violating freewill is to CONVINCE you to “temporarily seal your memory for better experience”. This is called HYPNOSIS. This is why this reincarnation system is also called “Hypnotic Reincarnation”.

Memory can never be erased or wiped, but can be sealed or suppressed.

    seanlarson2190:
    How do I prevent recycling back to here?

        Lower-Lingonberry-40:
        To avoid “being drawn magnetically”, you must have a higher Strength of Consciousness - higher than the magnetic strength of the white light.

            seanlarson2190:
            How do I get a "higher strength of consciousness"?

                Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                Here is how:
                
                https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/s/e8fzpwLP8H

        AcceptableGift2174:
        That's the 70 billion dollar question.

            Lower-Lingonberry-40:
            Looks like the tuition fee can be set at 70 billion dollar 😂

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/reptilians/comments/1pknh9z/white_light_after_death_high_voltage_zap_memory/ntmbvpj/?context=3
