2026 Keyword “Interstellar Civilizations” 🎦
2026-01-03 · r/escapeprisonplanet · by Lower-Lingonberry-40

[video] https://v.redd.it/5yjsp3bz1sag1

--- comments ---

Slytovhand:
What I want to know is.... if they're all out there watching us, in theory to help  us to evolve, and to get disclosure happening - why is it that they haven't dropped by to my place to say 'hello' and give me a hand with what I need help with???

I'd probably ask the same of all of you here as well.... sure, there's been 'abductions', but what about invitations or meetings on a mutually respectful, equal basis, with full recall when you return, with increased abilities, knowledge, etc etc.

(and, no, I don't mean 'channelled' stuff... that's a different story!)

  
Honestly, it frustrates the living shit out of me - I really loathe 'faith' - believing in something without, and often \*despite\*, good/sufficient evidence.

    Lower-Lingonberry-40:
    Simply because human governments deny tue existence of alien civilizations.
    
    They will officially meet humans only when human governments officially disclose or recognize their existence.
    
    Otherwise, if I knock your door at your doorstep and you tell your family that I don’t exist, how will your family treat me?

        Slytovhand:
        That's at least partly untrue.
        
        Firstly, we have some who claim to be in contact with them (which may or may not be true).
        
        Secondly, we have abductions (assuming those to be real).
        
        The last point is irrelevant, as those who know don't need a government to tell them they exist or not, and thus don't need to be told or not.
        
        It's also irrelevant to those who have actual memories of them., who again go beyond what official governments have to say. (besides which, we know governments lie).
        
        And, also, from what I hear, they've already made themselves known to persons both within some governments and to some extra-governmental agencies.
        
        So, I still don't see any reason why they can't "unofficially" meet up with us. (and, while this is on a post about ETs,the same can be said for any other entities out there ...)

            Lower-Lingonberry-40:
            That’s what I meant - it was unofficial.
            
            Of course they can continue to unofficially meet humans.
            
            But what I expect is official.
            
            To officially upgrade human civilization or unofficially - it depends on what human collective consciousness wants.

                Slytovhand:
                Does that mean you don't think Eisenhower met up with some ETs when he was president, and later signed an executive order requiring all ET meetings to be super-super-classified?
                
                  
                Your last point... hmmmmm.... I wonder! What I really wonder is if those of us who remember who and what we are (and especially if we came here AS one of those ET groups) can convince them to change tactics... After all, we cross worlds - we're both 'human' and 'ET'.
                
                  
                Besides which - surely those who are able to go to them to converse should have a MUCH greater say in what happens to Earth than those who have to sit and wait for them to come to us??

                    Lower-Lingonberry-40:
                    Super-duper-classified means unofficial right? That’s what I meant - unofficial, non-public.
                    
                    My point was about what the collective consciousness mainly wants.
                    
                    If human collective consciousness wants help from aliens, aliens would respond.
                    
                    If not, then nothing would happen. Aliens would either observe only doing nothing, or do something unofficial / unpublicly.
                    
                    Your human collective freewill would be respected as it is.
                    
                    Of course, the abled ones would make a stronger freewill voice heard than the sit-and-wait ones.
                    
                    Depending on the collective ratio of abled ones vs sit-and-wait ones.

        Reasonable_Narwhal34:
        Considering the need for social stability, the government is hardly to be able to officially disclose this.

            Lower-Lingonberry-40:
            Then humans will continue to stay in the darkness for the sake of stability / control.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/escapeprisonplanet/comments/1q1ah5j/2026_keyword_interstellar_civilizations/nxenjfg/?context=3
