Let's play a game...
2026-01-06 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by Slytovhand

Let’s play… Hide and Seek!  
  
Pretend, if you will, that you have been invited into a friend’s home for a party – to a place you’ve never been to before. It’s a fairly large, spacious, and nice home, with nice furniture, lots of rooms with interesting things in it, nice paintings, etc., etc..  
  
While at this party, someone decides you should all play hide and seek, so rather than you spending your time socialising too much, or looking around at this really nice house, you join in the game.  
Obviously, if you don’t want to get caught, you’re not going to sit on the sofa and watch the nice big-screen TV, or take a dip in the pool or spa.  
  
You’re going to find somewhere nice to hide… under a bed, in a closet, perhaps even in the washing machine. If you were really, really tiny, you could even jump down the sink into the insinkerator!  If you could change your size, I’m sure you can think of a hundred different good hiding places!!  
  
Now, to be good at hiding, not only do you need to find a good place to hide, but you also need to ensure that you don’t leave behind any obvious clues to your hiding place… no footprints, no shadows from nearby lights, not making any noises.   
  
For that matter, the best way to hide is to completely blend into the surroundings.  
  
So, now let’s pretend that you’ve managed to hide in the washing machine, or the dryer, or even the insinkerator. And, someone comes along and turns it on while you’re still inside it – unknowingly (or, perhaps, even knowingly!) with you inside!  
How are you going to react? How are you going to feel?  
Probably pretty scared!  
  
And, you’re going to get bounced around, shaken up, confused, bashed, crushed, and all-round not in a good way.  
  
When you manage to get out, your head is going to be swimming. You’ll be dazed and confused, like a Led Zeppelin! You’ll really be feeling everything that happened to you.  
  
And, you’ll no doubt have completely forgotten about the game you were playing.  
  
You’ll probably have problems even remembering what you’re doing in this place that you’ve never really seen before.  
  
And, you really won’t care about the nice furniture, and the nice paintings, and the nice rooms.  
  
Probably, all you’ll really want to do is stop the spinning, and the pain, and the hurt, and your headaches – and, if you can think straight, will probably just want to go home… and, that’s IF you haven’t lost your memories! (a nice bit of amnesia would be likely from all of that pounding!  
  
I’m sure some kind soul will take us by the hand, sit us down, and make sure we’re ok…  
  
  
This is life.  
  
You, a ‘soul’, or ‘spirit’, or ‘thetan’ or whatever you want to call it, came into this nice shiny universe with these wonderful pretty things to look at and experience. And someone suggested we all play a game of ‘let’s hide in amongst all these things and see what we can see, and feel what we can feel.’  
  
And so, we hopped into a body. We chose to play the game.  
  
But, we got ourselves all tossed around, tumbled, heated, buzzed, banged up, and confused, dazed, and not thinking right. We’ve had amnesia – we can’t even remember our names, where we came from, what we’re doing here.  
  
And so, we’re extremely likely to just go along with whatever the next person or being we meet says to us.   
  
But, what happens if that being that is ‘looking after us’, isn’t so kind, or saintly, or has our best interests at heart?  
  
Well, we get trapped here! And, maybe, that being says, “you were playing hide and seek. You should continue playing that game. Go and find another hiding spot”, and you naively go along with it, not knowing any better!   
  
And, so it continues, on and on, even if you’re not feeling well, or even feeling like playing any more.  
  
The ‘game’ becomes the only thing that matters, and you have been convinced it does.  
  
Finding a good hiding spot is what’s most important… to the extent that you’ve even trained yourself to forget who you are, and what you’re doing here.  
  
I’m writing this, because there are people who want to believe that there are lessons that we have to learn (how to be good at hiding). There are those who want to blame the house, or the furniture, or the paintings… or the other players of the game.  
  
I’m saying… we don’t need to learn lessons, although we can if we choose.  
  
We can still enjoy the house, the furniture, the rooms.  
  
We can choose to sit down and watch a movie, or play a different game.  
  
We can choose to simply go back to experiencing – without having to hate the place!  
  
IF we can remember who we really are…  
  
(And, better yet, we can help remind others that they don’t need to play that particular game either. Or, we can help them if they get caught in the washing machine, dryer or insinkerator, so that they, too, can get back to just experiencing this place).

We don't **need** to hate the house. Or even the owner.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Very well said. That’s a clear mind.

And that’s the first thing to do for not losing the game.

Otherwise, you may loose BOTH the game AND your self.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1q5hoix/lets_play_a_game/ny07ijr/?context=3
