Mass Unconscious Belief and Egregores: How the Archons Use Our Creativity Against Us
2026-01-13 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

(Edit: I am not saying “All Aliens are Egregores”. I thought I said it here but it needs to be said that aliens are the ones that direct humanity to create groups that create these egregores to make things easier for them in terms of loosh harvesting, reincarnation soul trapping and worship. I am not turning new age with this, aliens control egregore development to trick humanity even further) 

A while back, I received a gnosis download that put a lot of things about various paranormal entity encounters in perspective for me as of recent, I’ve said in the past that many of these encounters are aliens using holographic projection and lovebombing, astral AI created by said aliens to trick people into their spiritual psyops and reincarnation traps (https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/s/RZ7TwpqWxT), and human astral souls deliberately manipulated into becoming angels and demons in the astral afterlife to trap and completely control them (https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapingPrisonPlanet/s/wQcGjJIn3e) but there was one last method that I’ve failed to mention until now that these archons employ against us that is actually the result of the human mind and mass belief: Egregores. 

For those who don’t know, Egregores are shared thought-forms created from mass belief and thought in something, basically a more powerful, influential version of a Tulpa. Egregores can form from various forms of group thought, not just religion and spirituality; sports, video game consoles, politics, ideologies, online communities, nationalist patriotism, etc and these metaphysical thought-forms generated from these groups of people subtly direct them to act and think in certain ways that adhere to the hivemind that the community has unknowingly created in the form of this egregore that feeds off of them to survive and stay alive because when people stop giving it thought or belief for long enough, it becomes weaker and might eventually cease to exist if no one longer feeds it. 

Egregores are also sometimes attributed in occult circles to various interpretations of how deities in different religions look and act to different people due to various beliefs colliding with said deity. Take for instance the many people who believe that “Jesus” is a kind and merciful God and state to have positive and joyful experiences with him while others who believe that he is a more judgmental figure who upholds certain Biblical standards might give these people more negative or neutral experiences with him based off of this version of “Jesus” people believe in. The funny thing is the first interpretation is not accurate to the Biblical Jesus’s character and he often demonstrates behaviors that contradict what he does in the New Testament in such contacts, he wasn’t a kind and nice person but rather someone who was extremely judgmental to those who didn’t follow his word and went as far to call a woman a dog for not believing in him (Matthew 15:21-28, Mark 7:24-30). 

These versions of “Jesus” and other figures aren’t necessarily just alien deceptions as I have stated in past posts before but rather they appear to act in exact stereotypical ways that people think these entities acted/act like rather than what they actually acted/act like. They even appear in ways that have been popularized in pop culture like with Jesus being white instead of Middle Eastern, a trait popularized by European artists. 

When looking at various paranormal encounters with non-human entities, one thing kept digging at the back of my mind intuitively, “why do these scenarios just so happen to fit with what people believe in in regard to what these entities are rather than what they actually are?” What I mean by this is that these phenomena that have been reported by multiple people across history and countries literally feel like they come from our collective beliefs rather than it being aliens pretending or their astral AI. An example of this would be certain “demonic” humanoids and physical phenomena related to “demons” that people have reported throughout the decades. You’ll have cases of people saying that entities talk about stereotypical but ultimately untrue things like Satan being the ruler of hell or how demons torture souls in hell. 

The thing is… None of that is Biblical in the slightest. Lucifer/Satan is not the king of hell in actual Biblical scripture and he himself is stated to be tortured alongside the other “sinners” and fallen angels down in Hell and also there is nowhere in the Bible that states that demons themselves torture people directly like we see in pop culture. Another thing that we see at times from these “demons” are their stereotypical appearances sometimes like horns, wings and tails, which also isn’t Biblical since the Bible never talks about demons having such physical features and in fact these sorts of features can instead be found on various pagan gods and entities that were actually demonized by Christianity due to the way they looked. All of these concepts about hell and demons arose from things like Paradise Lost, Dante’s Inferno, Medieval Folklore, Pagan Mythology, Pop Culture, and are all literally modern day myths. So then why do these so-called “demons” act in such non biblical ways that are inherently contradictory to what religious scripture actually teaches? 

If the people who had these experiences read the Bible or the religious books they have in their own beliefs more closely, they’d realize that the entities they encountered aren’t truly what they seem since their own scripture debunks their very existence. Even in non-religious encounters like with the various encounters with what people call “Grim Reaper” entities for example, if these people took the time to learn the origins of the Grim Reaper they’d realize that the Grim Reaper is a figure of pop culture that came from 14th century Europe to anthropomorphize the mass amounts of deaths that occurred during the Black Death while blending actual Biblical scripture of the fourth horseman, Death, talked about in Revelations and Pagan mythology. 

These entities are walking, talking equivalents to cartoon characters, they literally cannot exist within certain spiritual frameworks and yet thanks to lies and mythology cementing itself into our minds as add-ons for these religions, we tend to believe in such misconceptions since that’s what the world has raised us to do. It makes you wonder what would genuinely happen if one of these entities was confronted on their very existence being a lie since all of this also proves that most of humanity doesn’t actually read or understand their religious texts which leads to all these misconceptions in the first place so that’s another thing the archons take advantage of. 

Now I know that these sorts of entities can also be aliens or astral AI trying to trick people into believing in nonsense but with how these paranormal encounters go a lot of the time, these scenarios seem like they come straight out of a made up version of reality. AKA we literally brought these things to life accidentally through collective unconscious thought which led to all these different entities being created and said entities creating more of themselves like a virus. This type of creation is a direct result of our divine Buddha-Natures and our unlimited creativity and potential and the archons realize that because we still have the ability to at least somewhat manipulate reality still even in these lesser bodies, we need to be under heavy supervision so that we don’t realize that we have such powers in the first place. 

They’re using our own creativity against us by having us create these egregoric thought-forms that act as unintentional psychological warfare since these entities that pop up from our minds act as propaganda machines for the Archonic regime at large like with how the various demonic and angelic physical paranormal encounters often uphold traditional Christian (Demiurgic) rituals and beliefs and are never questioned in the slightest. The same goes for other religions as well like Islam or Hinduism as they also have such hidden rituals that these archons make people do on a daily basis to basically trap people into believing a false reality within a false reality. By having us unintentionally build all of these fictional creatures that align with their agendas, they’re able to control the soul’s thought process since it’ll begin to think that because these entities are “real” that must mean that “[X Religion] must be true!” and unquestionably devote themselves to these alien Archonic rulers. 

Egregores are basically a lesser AI model that isn’t as sentient as the astral AI since after all they are simply characters, not unlike the characters in the stories we read everyday, who ultimately can be undone overtime from lack of belief but when it comes to specific creatures like the traditional and stereotypical angels and demons, this is something that the archons cannot allow to disappear since the Abrahamic religions are specifically their go to psyop both in the physical world and in the astral afterlife so they strategically make it so that these religions are specifically the biggest ones on Earth so that these types of entities can prosper, think of it similarly to The Sims. 

These advanced egregoric beings also act in ways they do because like I said before they’re not as sentient as the astral AI that the EDs (Extra-Dimensionals) make and are comparable to general AI models such as ChatGPT that can try and mimic sentience but aren’t actually sentient and don’t have a will of their own and are forever confined in the role they were set in unlike astral AI who do have a restricted sense of sentience as seen in certain OBEs where these AI are seen acknowledging their roles and why they do they what they do towards humanity and reality as a whole. 

Overall, it appears that these alien archons utilize a variety of tactics to trick the souls on Earth into believing their brainwashing; 1.) Mind Control and Holograms, 2.) Astral AI tailored to trick people and harvest energy from them, and 3.) Secretly guide us into creating negative thought-forms that ultimately influence our beliefs. 

TL;DR: The Archons direct us into creating communities that generate negative thought-forms that become so real that they are able to infiltrate physical reality and cause a never ending cycle where these fictional characters begin cementing the Archonic systems of control we are all in since when people see these creatures speak about stereotypical beliefs that adhere to certain religious beliefs, they fall hook, line and sinker because in their eyes “it’s proof that my religion is true!”

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
This has been an effective tactic to strengthen the auto-hypnotic reincarnation system.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1qbkx7h/mass_unconscious_belief_and_egregores_how_the/nzc9bul/?context=3
