Missing Air Force General Niel McCasland's wife speaks out
2026-03-08 · r/ReincarnationTruth · by Ill-Rate-8040

\-She says Niel does not have dimentia like some have reported

\-Says 8 different agencies (including FBI and AFOSI) are searching and still no trace

\-Drones, horses, dogs, canvassing are all being utilized

\-She confirms for the first time McCasland was in communication with Tom Delonge assisting him with UFO Disclosure a decade ago

\-makes a weird joke about aliens taking him, but doesn't think his UFO or Air Force stuff is a reason for disappearance

She was an astonaut candidate and is a very smart and capable woman in her own right

her full statement is 

"Neil McCasland has now been missing for one week. There has been no indication whatsoever of where he might be.   

There have been dozens of searchers on foot, both official and friends and neighbors of Neil's, who coordinate with the official sources.   

There have also been horseback searchers, drones with different capabilities, helicopters, three different types of search dogs, neighborhood canvassing and looking for Ring or wildlife videos. Organizations involved are Bernalillo County Sheriff's Office (BCSO) which is the lead organization, Albuquerque field office of the FBI, NM State Search and Rescue, Albuquerque Mountain Rescue, Air Force Office of Special Investigations, Albuquerque Police Department, and maybe others of which I am unaware. 

I am so grateful to one and all for their unflagging dedicated efforts and support. 

I would like to take this opportunity to dispel some of the misinformation circulating about Neil and his disappearance, mostly from uninformed media sources.  

1. The initial Silver Alert from BCSO mentioned medical conditions, which some have taken to mean Alzheimer's. Neil is at some risk, but not from dementia. He was not confused and disoriented.  

2. There was no concerning Friday-morning telephone call to a close relative. I have been in contact with all of his close relatives and some not-so-close ones. This is a complete fabrication.  

3. It is true that when Neil was in the Air Force, he had access to home highly classified programs and information. He retired from the AF almost 13 years ago and has had only very commonly held clearances since. It seems quite unlikely that he was taken to extract very dated secrets from him.  

4. It is true that Neil had a brief association with the UFO community through Tom DeLonge, former frontman for Blink-182 and founder of the organization To The Stars. Neil worked with Tom for a bit shortly after his Air Force retirement as an unpaid (Neil's choice) consultant on military and technical/scientific matters to lend verisimilitude to Tom's fiction book and media activities. After the Russians hacked John Podesta's emails (see Neil's Wikipedia page), there was less contact with Tom and the community pushing for release of UFO information. This connection is not a reason for someone to abduct Neil. Neil does not have any special knowledge about the ET bodies and debris from the Roswell crash stored at Wright-Patt. Though at this point with absolutely no sign of him, maybe the best hypothesis is that aliens beamed him up to the mothership. However, no sightings of a mothership hovering above the Sandia Mountains have been reported.  

All the thoughts and prayers from around the country are much appreciated. I will update if/when any real information comes in."

00:00 Intro

1:00 Silve Alert issued a week ago

1:59 2016 Wikileaks email names McCasland as an advisor on UFO Disclosure

3:35 McCasland's wife gives an update

7:02 McCasland's wife was an astronaut candidate in the 1980s

15:40 FBI finally deploys mobile command post for search for McCasland

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
This somehow indicates the importance of alien disclosure…

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/ReincarnationTruth/comments/1rnpkvw/missing_air_force_general_niel_mccaslands_wife/o9al1qt/?context=3
