Why do Aliens/NHI Promote Veganism?
2026-03-31 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

I was thinking about this tonight about how in some alien encounters and abductions and astral experiences, these aliens will not only gaslight people with the usual new age love and light stuff but will also say that they should either stop eating meat altogether or stop eating it so often. These aliens literally have been seen eating humans and mutilating animals in encounters and yet they tell us to not eat animals?

I’m not saying that the cycle of violence in nature where predators eat prey is good or anything like that obviously but why are these parasitic life forms that eat people energetically and physically talking about something that appears to be good on the surface? 

The fact that veganism is so promoted in certain circles is also a cause of interest because it always usually correlates with these entities saying something about the animals but they aren’t trustworthy at all and are extremely malevolent so now I’m beginning to question why exactly these entities are promoting something like this? It obviously has an ulterior motive since they always masquerade as the light and every time they offer “solutions” it’s always in their favor to leech off of this planet but I don’t really know what they are getting at with this promotion of something that stops people from eating animals. 

Plant life as seen in NDEs and OBEs are directly stated to have energies and souls so even when you don’t eat animals, you’re still eating something that’s technically alive so why the promotion of it being better when metaphysically speaking, it’s not doing anything to solve the problem of why an “all-loving god” would create a system where predators have to eat each other to survive? (Loosh harvesting obviously) 

I want to know what we all think of this phenomenon, why do you think that these archons keep promoting veganism to people even though they are hypocrites who eat meat themselves and are not doing this for our best interests?

--- comments ---

Ill-Rate-8040:
They are individuals like us, so any of them can say or do whatever they want. I’ll say it’s all based on their personal interests.

    Lower-Lingonberry-40:
    Absolutely.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1s7lzfq/why_do_aliensnhi_promote_veganism/odd1363/?context=3
