Archonic Abusive Parents
2026-05-22 · r/EscapeReincarnation · by AfterlifeInhabitant

This is something I’ve thought about more deeply as of late and that is the exact reasons behind souls being put into abusive home environments. We all know that one of the reasons is to obviously loosh harvest the kid’s suffering and trick them into thinking it’s a gift, experience or karmic retribution but I think there’s another reason why these archons love putting souls with abusers. 

Statistically speaking, there are quite literally Millions of kids across the world getting abused as we speak; physically, emotionally, spiritually and sexually, and if we count every other decade before this one then those statistics skyrocket into literal billions of kids that have been abused and tortured throughout Earth’s history. 

https://www.unicef.org/press-releases/nearly-400-million-young-children-worldwide-regularly-experience-violent-discipline

“Nearly 400 million children under 5 - or 6 in 10 children within that age group globally - regularly endure psychological aggression or physical punishment at home, according to new UNICEF estimates. Of them, around 330 million are punished by physical means.” 

https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/violence-against-children 

“Globally, it is estimated that up to 1 billion children aged 2-17 years have experienced physical, sexual, or emotional violence or neglect in the past year.” 

https://nichq.org/blog/bringing-trauma-forefront-early-childhood-systems/ 

“In the United States, 34.8 million children (ages 0-17)-nearly half of American children-are exposed to adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) that can severely harm their future health and well-being.” 

As seen in pre-birth and Near Death Experiences, the archons force souls into inhabiting these lifetimes under the guise of “learning”, “karmic retribution”, “contracts/agreements” and other deceitful lies to get the soul accommodated to its hellish fate with a naive smile on its face, believing its for “the greater good”. I find it really interesting though that there are so many life scripts that specifically involve parents/elders abusing their kids. Why is this very specific set-up emulated billions of times across human history in varied formats like religious abuse, sexual abuse, physical abuse and emotional abuse? 

Then I realized something, when you look at what happens when these people grow up, it’s almost like it’s a pre-programmed process due to how often these now grown up people act in their lives in regards to them questioning the system. 1.) They let their trauma consume them and it basically causes them to be forever stuck in this cycle of internal pain until the day they die, 2.) They get later coerced into worshiping a set of deities/or a single deity because “they help them deal with their trauma” and “make them feel loved”, or 3.) They completely leave spirituality behind either because the trauma they had was religiously affiliated or because they don’t have belief in any benevolent beings after what they’ve been through. 

Looking at all three of these specific paths that most seem to go down in regards to how they deal with their trauma from childhood, the pattern of attachment to your lifetime currently is everpresent. Not to say this happens to everyone with a traumatic childhood, but when put into perspective it seems a bit too obvious that they’re doing this on purpose to make people lose focus on escaping the system entirely. 

You see, trauma is a very massive attachment since it’s not only personal but also extremely emotional for the soul to process, not only producing mass amounts of loosh energy but also putting the soul on a lower level of consciousness in regards to enlightenment. This allows entities to not only take advantage of people in these states of mind but it also keeps them in place here since these traumatic events cause so much stress that the soul doesn’t even bother looking for a way out and instead wants to find comfort and safety. By traumatizing the soul in childhood and also suppressing their memories of before they entered that body, they make attachment to Samsara much easier while also opening the ISBE up to outside forces pretending to be loving. 

Earth and other planets similar to it are essentially something worse than prisons, they’re basically mass production facilities to create legions of Stockholm Syndrome induced souls that are so broken beyond belief that they’ll follow their leaders at the slightest show of love and affection. This also ties in with ramped up instances of misanthropy since abusive environments also can lead to a person developing misanthropic thoughts which is exactly what these beings want since it makes them look like saviors and the good guys against the “evil humans”. 

There’s also the fact that many abusive parents feel soulless or even demonic. A lot of abusive parents always have this specific vibe to them that just feels off and it also doesn’t help that some of them act in ways that are borderline inhuman like how some people say that their parents somehow knew about certain things that were never talked about before (mind reading) or how it sometimes feels like their parents are actively draining their energy the more they’re around them. Experiences like these are always something to take note of because of how often these abnormal behaviors keep being reported by those who have lived these types of lives but whenever people bring this sort of thing they’re always dismissed because “oh it was just your trauma making it scarier” or “oh, you’re just ascribing supernatural things to mentally ill people, you need to seek therapy” or some other weird excuse that just tries to downplay the outright ‘demonic’ vibes you get from your parents and other weird abnormal phenomena involving them. 

I’m reminded of Kyle Odom when I bring this up since he talked about how the ‘Martians’ (Reptilians) try to pretend to be normal people but act in ways that intend to manipulate humans into doing certain actions like murder or school shootings, of course I don’t agree with everything he said but when I think of how many times someone snapped because they were being abused by their parents and took revenge on certain people or fell down extremist pipelines and think about the blatant scripting of certain horrible events by the archons, things start to line up pretty perfectly. Think about it, billions of kids get abused everyday and there are a handful that decide to take matters into their own hands, which causes more suffering and attachment to this realm not just for them but for other people as well. 

I think a lot of these abusive parents are either straight up soulless NPCS that are serving a directive made up by the archons or are possessed by these beings in order to ensure that loosh is being created and that souls continue to stay attached to their sense of selves. I didn’t used to believe in the existence of NPCs but when I began specifically thinking about this and the implications of it, I just couldn’t really ignore that possibility anymore since it does feel like from a metaphysical perspective that these abusive parents are being factory produced to a certain degree due to how strangely some of them act and how exactly similar all of them are, like an invisible hivemind of some kind. 

So in summary, I think that another reason why archons put spirits into these sort of lifetimes is to basically break them down until they no longer seek any form of true enlightenment and escape this matrix and instead falter into Samsaric habits that only seek to attach them more to this plane of existence and also make some of the souls they traumatized into weapons that only produce more loosh energy on the whole for others. 

TL;DR: Abusive parents are Archonic traps to traumatize the Aeonic souls within the child vessels to try and stop them from reaching enlightenment and also to loosh harvest them ala spawncamping them.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
Deeply well thought out.

One thing to add:

The so-called "loosh energy" is not being used for feeding Archons, but is instead being used by Archons to feed the Matrix construct.

Loosh energy = the Hypnotic Reincarnation System (Matrix)'s energy supply.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/EscapeReincarnation/comments/1thfrgs/archonic_abusive_parents/on31z1r/?context=3
