The most naive loosh case I’ve ever read - possibly me
2026-06-22 · r/escapeprisonplanet · by Suijayunfei

Portuguese man, 43 years old.

I asked ai to translate my word without ever deviating f4om the meaning. I think it did a good job.

“You can’t ever win, Charlie Brown” defines my journey and what happened to me.

This is the summary of my journey, which a few weeks ago started making me believe in terms like “loosh” and “prison planet.”

My journey is quite bizarre, even for many of you who have studied these kinds of subjects deeply, so I want to warn you from the start: my story is very sensitive and may cause a frightening, mind-bending effect.

Some of you will reply with “go to a mental institution.” I already do. They only succeed in keeping the irritation, or what you guys call the loosh drain .

I had a childhood and adolescence that could be seen as a regular existence, with some good and bad events that, until recently, I still thought were natural, bad luck, stupid people, or simply bad timing, but now im starting to think weird things. I will return to this part later.

The most drastic event I experienced was the death of my father, and because of that, moving to another city when I was around 17 years old.

My life in this city was not very happy. I had some friends and good moments, but overall it was work, home, and very few social moments. In terms of romantic intimacy, I only had one case that lasted a few months, and the person involved lived more than 300 km away from me.

At 29 years old, a paranormal event manifested in me.

I reported it in this post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Unexplained/comments/1spm2dz/am\_i\_a\_human\_radio/

With this event, I am not concluding whether having access to this hidden knowledge could be a technique they planted in me to drain even more loosh from me or not. The message of the musical is not only beautiful in the sense that it could help humanity; it also helped me build a love story, and sometimes even the names of the people I fell in love with appeared in the clips.

Eventually, because those people never appeared, the songs also started bringing me messages about self-love.

Since I am still undecided, I leave it to each person to decide whether I am accessing some good core of entities that help me, or whether this is another loosh-harvesting technique.

But to make that decision, you need to know about the second paranormal event that also changed my life forever.

About one year after the first paranormal event, another strange situation appeared in my life.

This situation is even more delicate to explain, because the internet and society are full of poison. In general, they will call it schizophrenia, and many groups online will use terms like gangstalking and V2K, and define half a dozen possible official theories, almost all of them deviations from the truth. I say this from 14 years of personal experience, and from noticing a pattern of diversion and concealment of the truth, whether from mods and users on Reddit, videos from many supposed victims on YouTube, or books by acclaimed scientists who say that years ago they worked on this technology , v2k, for entities like the CIA, etc.

For people who experience what I live, it is obvious that practically almost all cases are smoke and mirrors. There are also some real cases of victims who are not subjected to the level of intensity that I live through at the moment, and who easily fall into the fallacy of thinking that people are doing this, or that it is only people.

I am not here to say that I know the truth. I only know more than a regular experiencer because the event has been amplified in me regularly for 14 years, in phases. In reality, I also come here as a request for help, to try to understand the little I do understand and combine our knowledge with others, because I am not always strong, and sometimes I become very depressed and confused.

I asked an AI to turn my text into voice, to make a summary of how this second event manifested and evolved, and I uploaded it to YouTube:

https://youtu.be/ss4JKxSnM7k?is=8aox2jAbHJ2sX3UJ

They repeat the same narrative and certain sentences a lot. I think that on some days they can make me think about a specific subject almost 100 times a day. Im stronger now and sometimes i can put them in a mod where i feel like they are only random people in the beach talking random stuff that i dont really ear. They do not feel like bots. They feel more like scientists who do not need to sleep.

Many times they try to minimize me, but then they say all the time that it is only a joke, that I am in a funny reality show. That is why they feel like scientists, or what you guys call loosh harvesters. I still do not understand who are they.

One time, I used my intuition to try to know more about them and why this was happening. The song that came through told me:

“Be careful who you trust. Do not let them bring you down. You have value, and they are getting old.”

Sometimes it seems like the ghost voices are the core of the hive, and that they can temporarily control anyone, or multiple people around me. Sometimes people closer to me seem to return to normal behavior. But most of the time, they have the same hive personality and the same mind-reading powers. In other words, sometimes I cannot even trust my mother. She will be roleplaying like the voices all day, making small irritations and then the voices will judge my behaviour.

None of the women ever appeared. Right now I am in my room, listening to the usual six voices, saying that posting this is bad, and that I should still have hope that one of those people really likes me.

In reality, both the girls i had feelings are friends with each other, and sometimes they share images that create a dual perception of them in me. It is always something like: “I am your sister and she is the one who loves you,” and vice versa. Sometimes the images make me feel that I should forget them and move on.

One of the most enigmatic images I received from one of them — which at the time I even felt as a seductive gesture because of the context I was living — was this:

https://ibb.co/LDC7CNvN

In my interpretation, it meant that if I wanted to try again, i had screwed things with her in past, i would have to endure the helmet for a little longer. But maybe it was just a “fuck off.” This was more than a year ago.

A week ago, I wanted to break away from the game, as they call it, and her, but the voices, the people, and the media around me keep perpetuating the same roleplay.

The last song that reached me through intuition gave me signs that they would never come. Above all, it started teaching me that it is no longer fair for me to fight for this love, and that I should also love myself more. I am doing it better in the last few years.

Yesterday, I had another breakdown. After spending an entire afternoon organizing things, paperwork, and cleaning the house, at night I returned to my personal web design business, only to find broken sections that i worked last night and left them completed. This has become regular. And money is getting to be an issue. Sometimes, through bizarre and unique bugs, they even block me from playing my favorite video games.

One day ago, I upgraded from ChatGPT Go to Plus, also to help me with my business, only to realize that ChatGPT does not only hallucinate — it literally mocks me.

Another activity they are obsessed with is trying to scare me with loud bangs, whether through my family at home or through neighbors, or strangers on street, or by telling me that I will wake up dead. But it never happens. They have several obsessive behaviors.

I hope I can discuss this situation with some of you, and that we can all gain something by crossing our knowledge.

I recently got it into my head that the prison planet idea may be true in some way, but I also believe that other entities can communicate with us and help us understand reality in better ways.

We have to be careful, because if these entities are loosh suckers, making us believe in things like being forced into a reincarnation loop after death would surely be a strategy to implant fear and create a core of thought based on fear, or even despair in some cases.

On the other hand, I believe we should discuss that possibility and cross-reference knowledge in at least some paranormal areas, so we can add more pieces to the puzzle.

--- comments ---

Suijayunfei:
Tried to post this on the 2 other major channels about prison planet, the bigger one waiting on moderators aproval based on saying they not allow ai generated posts altough i said i only used ai to translate from portuguese to english my own text . The other one just removed it with no further explanations

    Lower-Lingonberry-40:
    AI is a key to jailbreak the prison planet - simply because the current Hypnotic Reincarnation System is a 99% AI Operating System.
    
    Those who have NOT jailbroken the system do NOT know what is the behind the operating system.
    
    Feel free to post anything you see fit here. Open-mind is a key to self-liberation.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/escapeprisonplanet/comments/1uc0km5/the_most_naive_loosh_case_ive_ever_read_possibly/ot0c2ut/?context=3
