Our energy is being siphoned to run the matrix
2024-11-22 · r/ReincarnationTruth · by EraseTheMatrix

I've come to the conclusion that our energy is being siphoned to run the matrix.  It isn't just any energy they can use though.  The matrix is made of extremely low vibrational fear energy.  The visible light spectrum itself is on a vibration so low that it is fear.  So they siphon fear energy from us and use it to run the matrix.  And lower the frequency of the planet.  

Negative entities can't generate their own energy.  Because they are really soulless automatons.  So they get it from us.  There is a reason why the promote fear so much.  Because fear energy is being siphoned from us to run the matrix.  So we have to avoid fear.  As much as we can.  

I've sensed the bastards spreading fear energy all over the place.  So we have to avoid fear.  That kind of energy is being used to control us.  And if we aren't afraid it cuts off their energy source.  So we have to avoid fear.

--- comments ---

Lower-Lingonberry-40:
All souls, by their nature, can generate energies with intentions.

A positive intention generates a positive energy.  
A negative intention generates a negative energy.  
A neutral intention generates a neutral energy.

The creator of the hypnotic reincarnation system (hypnotic planet system) created a negative energy generation system initially, in order to hypnotize the planet. However, running this 1st generation of negative energy system takes a lot of work.

Therefore they developed the 2nd generation of negative energy system:

1. They developed a negative energy generator AI program, and installed this AI program onto the operating system of human body (yes, the human body has an AI operating system called "Mind").
2. This little AI program stimulates (sends a signal of) a negative intention (a fear or so) in human's "Mind", which in turn generates a negative energy.
3. In this way, the human mind generates negative energies AUTOMATICALLY by itself, creating a self-generating Negative Matrix COLLECTIVELY.

With this 2nd generation of self-running Matrix by humans themselves collectively, the original hypnotic game developers can now sit back, relax and enjoy the game with snacks instead of works.

This AI program also extended to animals and plants on earth, to form a more complex matrix.

On the contrary: Positive intention, towards all, creates Positive Matrix.

Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/ReincarnationTruth/comments/u7ofyq/our_energy_is_being_siphoned_to_run_the_matrix/lyddn8g/?context=3
